Email : Paul -   This is a purchase from DP&L for 50 MWh HE 11 - 23 at a PJM W Hub index price. It is not in the hourly P&L and not routed in scheduling. I am getting word from the counterparty that it did not happen. Can you shed some light so we can settle with DP&L? Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  790075.1 09/25/01 
Email : The ICAP Working Group  meeting originally scheduled for this Friday, November 30, in Albany has been  cancelled. The issues that some members of the Working Group had identified  for the agenda are not yet ripe for discussion. Thanks. Kathy  Robb Hunton &  Williams (212)309-1128krobb@hunton.com   <Sep> Subject :  November 30 ICAPWG Meeting Cancelled 
Email : The Executive Committee of the New York State Reliability Council ("NYSRC") is posting this message to inform all interested parties of the approval and posting of Revision No. 2 to the NYSRC Reliability Rules. The NYSRC Executive Committee approved Revision No. 2 at its January 11, 2002 meeting. Revision No. 2 to the NYSRC Reliability Rules, which is attached below and is posted on the NYSRC web site at "www.nysrc.org" under the "Documents" web page, is a compilation of all current NYSRC Reliability Rules and Measurements. Included in the document are all of the Proposed Reliability Rules that were posted for comments, in accordance with NYSRC Policy No. 1, and approved by the NYSRC Executive Committee since Revision No. 1 to the NYSRC Reliability Rules was issued in early 2001. The NYSRC Reliability Rules have been reorganized and reformatted to be similar to the North American Electric Reliability Council reliability rules and to enhance the NYSRC compliance review process. Revision No. 2 contains 44 reliability rules and 42 measurements. Ten (10) reliability rules have been revised and four (4) new reliability rules have been added since Revision No. 1. Should you have any questions, please contact me by email at jcfleury@nyseg.com. Joseph C. Fleury Secretary, NYSRC Executive Committee   (See attached file: Reliability Rules Rev 2 - Final.pdf)  - Reliability Rules Rev 2 - Final.pdf  ---   <Sep> Subject :  NYS Reliability Council Executive Committee 
Email : The Executive Committee of the New York State Reliability Council ("NYSRC") is posting this message to inform all interested parties of the approval and posting of Revision No. 2 to the NYSRC Reliability Rules. The NYSRC Executive Committee approved Revision No. 2 at its January 11, 2002 meeting. Revision No. 2 to the NYSRC Reliability Rules, which is attached below and is posted on the NYSRC web site at "www.nysrc.org" under the "Documents" web page, is a compilation of all current NYSRC Reliability Rules and Measurements. Included in the document are all of the Proposed Reliability Rules that were posted for comments, in accordance with NYSRC Policy No. 1, and approved by the NYSRC Executive Committee since Revision No. 1 to the NYSRC Reliability Rules was issued in early 2001. The NYSRC Reliability Rules have been reorganized and reformatted to be similar to the North American Electric Reliability Council reliability rules and to enhance the NYSRC compliance review process. Revision No. 2 contains 44 reliability rules and 42 measurements. Ten (10) reliability rules have been revised and four (4) new reliability rules have been added since Revision No. 1. Should you have any questions, please contact me by email at jcfleury@nyseg.com. Joseph C. Fleury Secretary, NYSRC Executive Committee   (See attached file: Reliability Rules Rev 2 - Final.pdf)  - Reliability Rules Rev 2 - Final.pdf   <Sep> Subject :  NYS Reliability Council Executive Committee 
Email : There will be a UBSWE Migration TONIGHT....please make sure that you LOG OFF before you leave today. Monday morning, (2/4/02), you will logon with your Enron NT Account and Password. You will immediately be forced to change your password (following Enron rules) and your NT ID will stay the same. Once you've changed your password, and logged off AGAIN, you will see the UBS Warburg Energy Screen....email will not be affected until day one. Starting Monday, you will receive emails from IT support to explain the HOW TO's for your data that YOU  will need to begin transferring over to UBS. All material will need to be in compliance with UBS standards and NO documents or emails are to be deleted. In Outlook the following information will be transferred over by IT: Calendar, Contacts, Tasks, and Notes. Emails (Inbox, Sent Items and Deleted Items) and folder structure will NOT be migrated. ALL data MUST be migrated PRIOR to day one (estimated to be 02/08/02 ), as access to Enron data will be disabled Day 1. Thanks for your immediate help in this matter.   <Sep> Subject :  ALERT!! 
Email : If you're receiving this email its because we're still waiting on a response from you. Please reply to this message ASAP. See below for details. Thanks,  Dan  We are in the process of confirming that all traders are set up correctly and ready to trade when the system goes live. We need to make sure that your Stack Managers are accessing the correct database. In order to do this, we need to know how you access Stack Manager:  1) Through Terminal Server (the one that opens up a desktop within a desktop and it actually appears that you have two Start buttons). or 2) By opening the Stack Manager directly from your "native" desktop (stand alone computer). Please reply to this message with either a corresponding "1" or a "2" in the subject field. If you're not sure which one you have, please contact myself x39673, Teresa Mandola x39807 or Jennifer McQuade x53614 and we'll come by your desk to help you. Thank you,   <Sep> Subject :  Waiting on your reply -Stack Users 
Email : Records indicate that there are a significant number of employees who have yet to have a drug test. Here are the details of the locations in Houston, Portland and other locations. Please attend one as soon as possible to avoid delays in your your onboarding and payroll processing. HR   <Sep> Subject :  Urgent - Drugs Test Reminder 
Email : Good Morning,  Enporion would like to invite you to participate in today's event representing offers for capacity release from UGI. Please note; there will two separate lots, or auctions, for 30 minutes from 2:30-3:00 PM ET. For UGI, you will be bidding on the following: ID 2866 - UGI Capacity Release Offer # 1: 5,072 DTH/Day November 2001 - March 2002, Transco STA 30 - STA 65, Zones 1 - 3 ID 2867 - UGI Capacity Release Offer # 1: 2,081 DTH/Day November 2001 - March 2002, Transco STA 30 - STA 65, Zones 1 - 3  After the auctions close, it is imperative that you please stay logged into the system for at least 5-10 minutes. The auction may open again because of extensions.   <Sep> Subject :  UGI Capacity Release Auction - Total of 7153 DTH/Day 
Email : Attached is the Columbia Distribution Companies summary of capacity available for release for the month of November 2001. Please note that bids are due on Monday, October 29th at 3:00pm EST. If you have any questions, please contact any of the representatives listed at the bottom of the release summary. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  The Columbia Distribution Co.'s Capacity Avail. for Release -  November 2001 
Email : Hello everyone,  My husband Ryan is going to be participating in the American Heart Walk on November 3. He is walking on behalf of our daughter, Sydney, who was born in May of this year with Congenital Heart Disease. If anyone would like to sponsor us with a cash donation, we would be very appreciative. I will be accepting donations today and tomorrow. This is a wonderful organization whose research saves lives like Sydney's every day. All donations are matched by Enron and are 100% tax deductible. Please help this worthwhile cause if you can. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  American Heart Walk 
Email : Attached to this e-mail you will find offers for potential Capacity Release on Transco and/or Texas Eastern. Please note all bids are due by Tuesday. Oct 23 @ 1 pm EST. Should DPL find bids acceptable, the capacity will be posted as pre-arranged, biddable packages on the pipeline bulletin boards. Thank You.   <Sep> Subject :  Delmarva Power & Light Capacity Release 
Email : In September, ENA agreed to purchase capacity from New Power on Transco. The total demand charge should have been $9,000.00 on contract 4.0159. New Power released the capacity volumetrically and I didn't catch it. The actual demand charge billed was $270,000.00. New Power agreed to reimburse ENA for the difference of $261,000.00. ENA will pay the pipeline the billed demand charge of $270,000.00 and bill New Power $261,000.00 on deal 1110019.   <Sep> Subject :  Trco/New Power capacity for Sept 2001 
Email : October 1, 2001  Duke Energy Field Services have scheduled a planned outage of the Wilcox Plant on Tuesday, October 30, 2001. All meter stations upstream of the plant must be shut in during the afternoon of October 29, and will be allowed to come back on the morning of October 31st. The  affected meters for this outage are listed below:    MEAS   MEAS STATN  STATN  NBR    NM   <Sep> Subject :  TE Outage of the Wilcox Plant 
Email : We negotiated the following discounts on Tenn and TGT  Tenn - all discounts are for the 27th only. Z0 to Kinder k#2891 $.1421 Z0 to Tewksbury (Z6) k#2891  $.35   Texas Gas - discounts apply from 26th-30th. SL Pool to Mamou k# T001886   $.0421   <Sep> Subject :  Discounts 
Email : Hi Judy,  How are you? I sent Ingrid an email and she told me that you are still at Enron. That's good. I tried to call you at work, but the girl that answered the phone said that you were on vacation today. How are the kids and Rob? I think about you all of the time. Ingrid told me that she told you that I got married. It isn't Tod, it is James Johnson that I dated in high school. We could have saved each other a lot of heart ache and just stayed together. He is really sweet. He has 3 boys, so now there are 4 boys in my house. I am real outnumbered! But, it's fun. Are you still working part-time or full-time? There is so much to talk about, we need to get together for lunch or something. Maybe we could meet somewhere one day, let me know. My phone numbers are Home: 281-807-3186 and work 713-215-4473. And now, you have my email address. Talk to you soon,  Laurie   <Sep> Subject :  How are you? 
Email : Hey Ya'll,  Just wanted to let ya'll know that I am employed now!! Yeah!!!! I am going to be a Algonquin Gas Scheduler for Duke-Energy! I am so excited and relieved. Hope ya'll have a great Christmas! Keep in touch,  Shanna   <Sep> Subject :  Good News!!! 
Email : I have some of your mail and I am not sure of your location. If you would like to stop by ESC06406 and pick it up or give me a call and I can forward it to your assistant that would be great. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Mail 
Email : February 4, 2002  The TEXAS EASTERN TRANSMISSION (TE) South Pass system has been scheduled to capacity for gas day Tuesday, February 5, 2002. As a result, no nomination increases from the physical meters on the lateral will be allowed. The South Pass meters are listed below:   METER                                    METER NUMBER  METER NAME                       OPERATOR   <Sep> Subject :  TE South Pass at capacity 
Email : ISC - Customer Service Survey Ticket#HD0000000718717, Password Reset     : Thank you for taking the time to fill out our Customer Service Survey. Your input is crucial to our continued efforts in establishing and providing you with World Class Support. Please take a minute and complete the 5 question survey then submit it back to us when you are done. Once again, thank you for your participation.   <Sep> Subject :  ISC - Customer Service Survey 
Email : We are buying the following Tenn transport from the pipeline for the winter. I just did the deals so I don't have the contract numbers. Term  Demand Comm MDQ Nov  .18  .02 3893 Nov-Jan  .20  .02 2500 Feb-Mar .20  .02 2500  The Primary delivery point is CGAS - Broad Run. The primary receipt point is meter #010698 in 500L. We will be able to use any zone 1 receipt point but we only be able to use Broad Run as our delivery point.   <Sep> Subject :  Tenn Transport 
Email : Here are my notes from today's call. As with Monday, I've focused on getting them out as quickly as possible rather than taking extra time to re-organize them by subject. Enron's business has been grouped into three buckets:  Core, Non-core, and Under Review. Core:  Wholesale energy business in North America and Europe, retail energy, pipelines Non-core:  Broadband, water, and international assets (i.e. EGAS). Enron has approx. $8Bn in investments in these assets, and they have produced 'dismal' returns. Enron will be exiting these businesses and will attempt to wind them up in an orderly fashion. An aggressive divestiture program has been set in motion for these assets. Under Review:  EGM, EIM. These businesses are being closely examined to determine whether they have a reasonable chance of long-term viability. Required resource levels are being carefully studied. Following review, Enron will move the different portions of these businesses to core or non-core as the analysis dictates. Approximately $800MM of asset sales are under contract and expected to close in the fourth quarter. These include a gas LDC in Brazil, EcoElectrica, and our Indian E&P assets. Enron is in active pursuit of an additional private equity infusion of $500MM-1Bn. Given the current environment, raising equity in the public markets would be 'inefficient', McMahon says. Short-term liquidity is provided by the $3Bn of credit drawn upon a few weeks ago, the $1Bn of new debt, and the $1.5Bn equity infusion from Dynegy. Longer-term, the proceeds from the sale of PGE will provide liquidity. Asset sales over the next year will be used to pay down debt. McMahon described the major off-balance-sheet vehicles: Marlin was set up to hold Azurix assets. It was initially capitalized with $950MM of 144a debt and $125MM of equity (raised from Enron and institutional investors). The debt is supported by the equity and by Azurix' assets. Enron is obligated to cover any deficit at the time the debt becomes due on 3/17/03 (the 'Enron topup' obligation). The 3/17/03 date is accelerated in the event that Enron is rated below-investment-grade by any one of the three major agencies. The primary asset of Marlin is Wessex Water. As long as Wessex is worth at least $2.6Bn, there will be no Enron topup required. If we take a 25% haircut to present book value, Enron will have to provide $650MM in consideration upon retirement of the debt. This $650MM would hit Enron cash, income, and equity balances. Osprey contains energy-related assets and 'other assets'. It was initially capitalized with $2.4Bn of 144a debt and $220MM in equity (ENE and institutionals). As with Marlin, the entity is an asset-backed structure with an Enron topup guarantee. The debt is supported by a) the assets; b) $1Bn of convertible preferred ENE (convertible into 50MM shares of ENE common); and c) additional ENE common as needed for topup. Assuming the same 25% hypothetical haircut to current book value, Enron would have to deliver approx. $600MM of topup funds--which would hit ENE cash, income, and equity. The debt must be retired by 9/17/02, with the same cut-to-junk early trigger provision as Marlin.   <Sep> Subject :  Highlights from ENE Analyst Conference Call 11/14 
Email : Monday February 4, 9:07 am Eastern Time  Press Release SOURCE: Maritimes & Northeast Pipeline, L.L.C. Maritimes Files Application for Phase IV Expansion Of Natural Gas Pipeline System BOSTON, Feb. 4 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Maritimes & Northeast Pipeline, L.L.C. has submitted an application to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to further expand its natural gas pipeline system. The $250 million expansion project, designated Phase IV, will allow Maritimes to nearly double its capacity to transport natural gas from offshore Nova Scotia to markets in the northeastern United States from approximately 415,000 dekatherms to 800,000 dekatherms per day.   <Sep> Subject :  Maritimes Files Application for Phase IV 
Email : ISC - Customer Service Survey Ticket#HD0000000697403, Customer called to check the status of a check for an expense report     : Thank you for taking the time to fill out our Customer Service Survey. Your input is crucial to our continued efforts in establishing and providing you with World Class Support. Please take a minute and complete the 5 question survey then submit it back to us when you are done. Once again, thank you for your participation.   <Sep> Subject :  ISC - Customer Service Survey 
Email : Hi, Judy! Are you there?? What's going  on? I heard some people had quit, even those with retention  agreements. What's happening to you? Let me know......   Susan   <Sep> Subject :  HELLO!! 
Email : January 31, 2002  The TEXAS EASTERN TRANSMISSION (TE) South Pass system has been scheduled to capacity for gas day Friday, February 1, 2002. As a result, no nomination increases from the physical meters on the lateral will be allowed. The South Pass meters are listed below:   METER                                    METER NUMBER  METER NAME                       OPERATOR   <Sep> Subject :  TE South Pass at capacity 
Email : January 30, 2002  The TEXAS EASTERN TRANSMISSION (TE) South Pass system has been nominated over capacity for gas day Thursday, January 31, 2002. As a result, TE has restricted receipts on the South Pass system to the capacity of the line. No nomination increases from the physical meters on the South Pass line will be allowed for gas day 31. The South Pass meters are listed below:   METER                                    METER NUMBER  METER NAME                       OPERATOR   <Sep> Subject :  TE South Pass at capacity 
Email : Judy, It was nice talking with you today. Congratulations on your job with UBS. My  specialty is focused around the trading operations, but the presentation I have  attached shows other positions we work on. If there is anything I  can do for youor someone you know, please  let me know. Thank you for your time, and I look forward to speaking with you in the  future. Sincerely,   <Sep> Subject :  TIG First Source 
Email : January 29, 2002  The TEXAS EASTERN TRANSMISSION (TE) South Pass system has been scheduled to capacity for gas day Wednesday, January 30, 2002. As a result, no nomination increases from the physical meters on the lateral will be allowed. The South Pass meters are listed below:   METER                                    METER NUMBER  METER NAME                       OPERATOR   <Sep> Subject :  TE South Pass at capacity 
Email : UBS have organized an important meeting  will be held tomorrow for all employees who :   1) have accepted offers or  2) intend to accept offers ( to the best of their knowledge) but who have issues that are being resolved  All employees in these categories should attend  Buses will be provided for those who do not have their own transport and will pick up from the south side of the north building - please assemble in the Java plaza area from 8.30am  to 9.30am ( last bus leaves  @ 9.30 am )  The meeting will last until approximately 1pm  and will be presented by senior managers from UBS on the firm and it's strategy. There will be breakfast available at the Hotel from 9am to 10am and there will be sandwiches afterwards. If traveling independently please make sure you leave sufficient time to park (it will be very busy) and get to the Grand ballroom  Employees need to bring their id's or drivers license with them to gain access to the meeting  I'm sorry for the short notice on this - please call out to anyone who should be attending who will not get this message in time    Tammie Schoppe  on behalf of UBS HR   <Sep> Subject :  URGENT REQUIRES IMMEDIATE ACTION : Welcome to UBS meeting tomorrow  10.15 am @ the Houstonian 
Email : We know you have questions about recent events impacting Enron and our plans for the future. Ongoing investigations and pending litigation have made it difficult, if not impossible, to share information in a timely manner. While we can't address certain issues, we can tell you about our initial plans to move Enron forward and emerge from bankruptcy, and we are eager to do that. We had planned to hold an all-employee meeting tomorrow, January 23, at the Hyatt Regency. However, we don't want to subject you to the media frenzy that would certainly surround such a meeting, so we've decided to postpone it. We are currently making arrangements to hold a series of employee meetings within the building to protect your privacy. We will provide the date and times to you as soon as the logistics for those meetings are finalized. Prior to the employee meetings, we will provide an overview of Enron's new organizational structure. You can expect that memo shortly.   <Sep> Subject :  Employee Meeting Postponed 
Email : Dear Western Region:   I would like to thank Phillip Allen for his leadership of the west desk for 2000 and 2001. He will continue as Managing Director at Enron North America and trade a financial book for the natural gas trading group. Phillip will be sitting near the western region and will continue to participate in our goal to analyze the western market fundamentals to maximize wholesale trading efforts. I will be assuming all management responsibilities of the west trading group effective immediately. I would like to take the opportunity to discuss our new organization for the Western Region trading group. I have organized a vertical based trading structure that clearly defines each employee's responsibilities going forward. Our goal is to organize all of our efforts in the west such that we will offer Enron North America the most profitable wholesale trading model. The most significant change to the western region organization will be Keith Holst's role as Director of West Fundamentals. Keith will manage this unit from the west desk, while using the services of Enron's centralized fundamentals group, headed by Chris Gaskill. Our western region Fundamentals group will be responsible for delivering the most complete and market sensitive data to the trading desk. We will all share in Keith's efforts to make our fundamental analysis the standard for all trading units within the company. West Origination, led by Barry Tycholiz, will play a larger role in our term trading efforts going forward. They will be joining our desk for fundamental forecasting meetings and discussions. Our goal is to capture a majority of the term risk management efforts of our customer base. We must succeed in capturing a majority of our customers' business to increase our share of lower risk earnings. This contribution, along with our wholesale trading, will help our desk beat earnings expectations consistently. The West trading organization is structured to maximize profitability by sub-region. The emphasis for the trading group will be to increase profitability and market information from each trader's sub-region. We will be evaluated on how we organize and build the business and profitability in our respective trading areas. This structure, however, does not preclude west traders from trading positions throughout the Western region and the North American gas market. The West trading organization will be successful by creating accountability for trading responsibilities. Please review the attached outline for the new trading structure. We will be meeting as a group to discuss the changes soon. The implementation of this structure will rely on our back office to set up the new books for each trader. Sincerely,   <Sep> Subject :  Western Natural Gas Organization 
Email : Barry, et al:  FYI. Some initial info I got from our outside council regarding utility authority to engage in financial risk management tools. More info to follow as we get it. If you have quesitons, comments, or suggestions for additional research needed, just holler. Please forward to others who might need it. Best,   <Sep> Subject :  Utility authority to engage in derivative transactions 
Email : Paul,  Welcome back. The Wyoming Governor's office wants to meet in August re energy issues. I have identified the appropriate Enron nat gas people. I would recommend a conference call with your Wyoming contact in advance of that meeting to determine if it makes sense to fly a lot of people to Wyoming. Mark Whitt is based in Denver and focuses on nat gas marketing. I believe he has had some discusions in the past with Wyoming re their royalty positions and will likely call to discuss. Scott Josey runs our producer finance business which finances/invests in upstream producers and projects. He has some clients that may be interested in expanding a Wyoming position. Let me know how you would like to proceed.   <Sep> Subject :  Wyoming 
Email : Barry,  In order to get Kim Ward VPN access from her Click@Home or non-enron PC, I will need you to e-mail my manager, Paige Cox, with the number of people in your group that need to work from home and the business reason behing it. Once Paige gets approval, I will be able to assist Kim and the rest of your group get the VPN access from thier homes. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  VPN access for your department 
Email : I filled in the utilities on our industrial customer list for WA & OR. It looks like there are 17 major industrials behind Cascade (according to our list). I would suggest we exclude these from the Agency agreement if we ever decide we want to go that direction.   <Sep> Subject :  NW Industrials 
Email : Barry:  please see the attached from our immigration attorneys and advise how you wish to proceed with the Green Card process? There are two means of obtaining Permanent Residency - either through Adjustment of Status or Consular Processing. Many thanks Margaret x51529   <Sep> Subject :  Permanent Residence - Barry TYCHOLIZ 
Email : I have had several conversations with EPNG about the possibility of ENA turning back capacity to satisfy 1) requests for new capacity in the Power Up 2000 project and 2) any possible capacity that EPNG may need to provide to satisfy incremental needs of full requirements customers as they convert billing determinants to Contract Demand quantities. In order to preserve our position, should I send a formal letter to Al Clark stating our desire to turn the capacity back? The Power Up 2000 deadline is noon, Thursday, August 2, 2001. They did not provide for turn back in the posting that is currently on the capacity system. While we do not know how EPNG will be forced to resolve their capacity issues in the receipt point allocation proceeding, I believe that a letter can help us preserve our position should we choose to turn back capacity under either scenario. We have approx. 54,000 of Block I and III capacity and 200,000 of Block III capacity. The Block II capacity is subject to PG&E recall - PG&E paid approx. $58 million for those recall rights in a settlement. Could EPNG pay a negotiated sum of money for the remaining value of the recall rights to fund the needs full requirement customers? I have to believe this option would be cheaper than adding new  capacity. Leslie - could you help me with the letter? Many thanks! Stephanie   <Sep> Subject :  Turnback of EPNG Capacity 
Email : Regarding our discussions about the subject issue, I believe that the following orders would sufficiently document FERC's policy regarding solicitation of capacity turnback from existing customers to get El Paso's attention:  From "Order Denying Rehearing and Accepting Compliance Filing", issued  March 19, 2001, Mississippi Canyon Gas Pipeline, LLC, Docket No. RP00-226-002 and -003 (94 FERC ? 61,324)   <Sep> Subject :  Turnback of EPNG Capacity 
Email : Attached is the draft of ENA/EES comments to be filed Thursday in the proceeding on the complaint filed by various producers, the CPUC, SoCal Gas, and SoCal Edison against El Paso Natural Gas, alleging that El Paso has oversold its system and that full requirements contracts should be converted to CD. Our comments agree with the complainants, illustrated by EES experiences with Southwest Gas this past winter. If you have any comments or questions about this filing, please let me or Leslie know by close of business (5:00 pm CDT) tomorrow.   <Sep> Subject :  Please Respond Before COB Wednesday, 8/1 -- ENA/EES Comments in  RP01-484 
Email : Further to some recent conversations block off Sunday Sept 9 and all day Monday Sept 10 for a group offsite. By invite, you will be asked to participate in some offsite activities and business meetings in Denver. All flight, hotel, travel, meals and entertainment will be coordinated by Barry Tycholiz. Booking of flights, which will have you departing on Sunday a.m. and arriving  around 12:00 in Denver, have been coordinated by our group to keep control of the flight costs. We should have you home early on Monday evening ( around 10:30 p.m.). We have been able to get some really low fares and I want to keep them that way. All the Houston based staff plus Portland (Fuller) will come to Denver. Please see Jessica regarding flight times and schedules. A more formal agenda and list of topics/presenters will be sent to each of you in the next couple of days. If there are any questions, give me a call at 713-853-1587. BT   <Sep> Subject :  West Gas Origination Meeting, Sept 9/10 per Barry Tycholiz 
Email : Here is the Commission's basic policy on reverse open seasons. I've asked Randy Rich to look into the other aspects of your questions, which we'll discuss shortly. The Commission has a two-step process for determining whether the market finds an expansion project economically viable. The first step, which occurs prior to the certificate application, is for the pipeline to conduct an open season in which existing customers are given an opportunity to permanently relinquish their capacity. This first step ensures that a pipeline will not expand capacity if the demand for that capacity can be filled by existing shippers relinquishing their capacity. The second step is that the expansion shippers must be willing to purchase capacity at a rate that pays the full costs of the project, without subsidy from existing shippers through rolled-in pricing. The reverse open season requirement (i.e., the requirement that a pipeline give customers the opportunity to turn back capacity) is established Commission policy. It was stated in the Commission's Pricing Policy for New and Existing Facilities Constructed by Interstate Natural Gas Pipelines, 71 FERC P61,241 at p. 61,917 (1995), reh'g denied, 75 FERC P61,105, and later reiterated in Certification on New interstate Natural Gas Pipeline Facilities (Certificate Policy Statement), 88 FERC P61,227 (1999), order clarifying statement of policy, 90 FERC P61,128, order further clarifying statement of policy, 92 FERC P61,094 (2000). My research has indicated that the Commission has provided few specifics on how a reverse open season is to be conducted. This probably allows pipelines considerable discretion in how they conduct their solicitations of turnback. General Commission policy would probably require only that shippers be given adequate notice of and opportunity to respond to the reverse open season. If the procedure used by El Paso for soliciting turnback becomes an issue, please let me know and let's discuss it. I'll be up in a few minutes for our call to Randy.   <Sep> Subject :  El Paso 
Email : I have prepared the feedback forms for my employees and will be discussing it with them shortly. I am recommending Sales/Presentations courses for both Tyrell and Paul. Please let me know if you would agree that these would be worthwhile and, if you wish, you can suggest some that you have had experience with. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  Mid Year Reviews 
Email : In order to terminate the referenced agreement we need to provide notice 180 days in advance of the end of the primary term or any annual extension. Based upon a May 1, 1997 in service date for the Havasu facililties, the primary term of this agreement terminates on April 30, 2002. We need to provide notice by October 31, 2001 of our intent to trigger the ROFR process (see attached). Please let me know if you have any questions. Stephanie   <Sep> Subject :  El Paso Agreement 9E3x -San Juan to Valero 
Email : Barry,  I have spoken to my insurance agent. Please take the car in for an estimate and let me know what they say. After that I can work with the insurance company to get them to do the rest of the coordination. Thank you. I am sorry for the inconvenience and for the whole incident.   <Sep> Subject :  Car Repair 
Email : Good morning Barry,  Just to let you know that I am on holidays August 11-26, so your counselling will have to be this week or when I return. Did Enron provide you with approval for a "Post Arrival Consultation"/PAC? This is the counselling our PwC Houston office does. (So, in effect there are two possible counselling sessions for assignees - the predeparture counselling you are supposed to receive before you depart Canada and then there's the PAC). PwC Houston is prepared to set up the "PAC" - they simply want to know if you received approval for it. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Counselling 
Email : Anne,  I just got another phone call from Palo Alto. They still have not received three of their confirms from deals done around the 20th of July. They have ceased to do additional business with us until they receive these confirms. thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Palo Alto Confirms 
Email : Attached is the hot list update for Monday's meeting. It has been a few weeks since we have reviewed it, so please take a good look at it and roll over any remaining Q2 deals to Q3. E-mail your changes back to me. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  8-13-01 WestGas HotList.xls 
Email : This project has been noticed by FERC (CP01-422). Adds 906,626 dth/day (845,500 Mcf) of capacity from Opal, WY to delivery points primarily in California. Service commencing 5/1/2003. Incremental rates and fuel. Seventeen shippers have signed 18 long-term agreements (10 or 15 years) and 95% has primary delivery points in California, mostly for existing and new power generation. Any issues? Are we a shipper? Comments and interventions are due Aug. 29th. Since I will be in D.C. that week, need your input by Aug. 23rd. We are downloading a copy of the filing (392 pages). Let me know if you would like a copy.   <Sep> Subject :  Kern River 2003 Expansion Project 
Email : * IMMEDIATE ACTION REQUIRED - Do Not Delete * Executive Impact & Influence Program   Dear Barry Tycholiz,   As part of the Executive Impact and Influence Program, each participant is asked to gather input on the participant's own management styles and practices as experienced by their immediate manager, each direct report, and up to eight colleagues/peers. You have been requested to provide feedback for a participant attending the next program. Your input (i.e., a Self assessment, if you are a participant in this program, Manager assessment, Direct Report assessment, or Colleague/Peer assessment) will be combined with the input of others and used by the program participant to develop an action plan to improve his/her management styles and practices. If you are providing feedback as a Manager of the participant, please note that your feedback will be identified in the summary report. It is important that you complete this assessment NO LATER THAN CLOSE OF BUSINESS on Monday, August 27, 2001. To begin the online administration process, you will need the following Internet address and Password(s). NOTE:  If you are providing feedback for more than one person, each password and participant name is individually listed below. Open your Internet browser e.g., Internet Explorer or Netscape Navigator, and please type or copy the URL address below into your Internet browser (please DO NOT go through Lotus Notes):   www.fsddatasvc.com/enron   R9KRP7    (Ed McMichael)   <Sep> Subject :  TIME SENSITIVE: Executive Impact & Influence Program Survey 
Email : Further to our discussions about our EPNG capacity:   Our research had resulted in an opinion that there is little value associated with PG&E's (northern CA customers) recall rights on Block III capacity. While it was not part of the original settlement, the 24 hour RE-recall rights to the shipper of record appear to give PG&E a DAILY call on capacity at best. Because we have pieced this opinion together based upon rulings in various proceedings, we would like a more formal regulatory/legal opinion of the mechanics of the RE-recall provision that has been developed over time. Is this something that either of you can provide or should it go to Randy? The results of this inquiry will set the tone of our next round of dicussions with EPNG. By the way, still waiting on their written reponse to our letter..... I think they have bigger fish to fry. Please advise. Stephanie   <Sep> Subject :  Block III Recall Rights 
Email : Barry:            You probably thought I had forgotten about you! I had not. I wanted to       iron out some areas of concern from my end here. As you know, I am not       supposed to do an investment for you while you are a resident of the       US. I have discovered that if we put the money into an account and not       make moves on it until you move back to Canada, then we can do it if I       use a Canadian address. I was advised to put the money into a balanced       fund and leave it there for now. My thoughts are to move it to a       couple of funds in a self administered account and NOT make any moves       with it. Please review this note, and let me know what you think. If all is ok       I will mail you the forms to sign (which you signed here), and we will       get this moving. Hope all is well with you down there. Regards      Rob   <Sep> Subject :  Pension Rollover 
Email : Barry, Please find attached a few slides detailing WCSB fundamentals. Please let me know if you want to see the actual data behind the graphs or if you require any more information. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Alberta Fundamentals 
Email : Michael,  Sorry for the delay, but I finally have a revised version of your contract from our legal department. Although we have made what appear to be substantial revisions, I believe the key aspects of the agreement remain intact and the revised contract adheres to industry standards. Please let me know what you think.   <Sep> Subject :  Revised Contract 
Email : Barry,  It was nice talking with you this morning. As promised, below you will find   my contact information. I will give you a call when scheduling my next trip   to Houston to arrange a meeting. Best regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Contact Info 
Email : Here is the presentation made by Williams Gas Pipeline at COGA. Nothing earth shattering in it, but it has a few good slides (proposed generation along Kern, Northwest displacement fix, etc. ).   <Sep> Subject :  Williams' COGA Presentation 
Email : This sheet does not include the temperature model. It will be revised  with more precise temperature historicals, and a corresponding temp forecast, when the weather team provides these this week. Jason Wolfe   <Sep> Subject :  Palo Alto forecast 
Email : This is the final version of the interruptible storage transaction we closed yesterday with MPC. We will track the value of the transaction over the term of the agreement and then agree on a split of the value with the desk at the end of the transaction. Please contact me if you have any questions. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  Dry Creek Storage 
Email : My dear friends (yes I want something): I have a proposal in front of Colin for the provision of services and wondered if you might get it back in the conversation at dinner in San Fran. Actually in all seriousness, Stephanie mentioned that you're meeting with him and I thought you might be interested in seeing what we'd proposed. Is someone in Producer Services also selling services to Calpine, or would it fall into your shop?   <Sep> Subject :  Calpine - How'd you like to market services for me? 
Email : Hi, Barry,  To help me prepare for our meeting:  What role does Stephanie play? Will you be speaking for both Canada and US when we talk? Most important: Do you like paella? Ray   <Sep> Subject :  Meeting with PG&E 
Email : Would you know, or do you know who would know, whether ENA serves any end use customers off of Southwest Gas's system in Nevada? We have a case before the Nevada PUC where SW Gas is trying to force transportation customers who return to sales service to sign up for a minimum term of 5 years and then to give one year's notice before they can return to transportation. Some customers went back to sales because of delivery and pricing problems last winter, so it became an issue (although most of those customers only had to sign up for 1 year of sales).   <Sep> Subject :  Southwest Gas in Nevada 
Email : Gerald, I have attached a term sheet that I would like you to review. As I mentioned we need to determine which contract we will use for these deals, (dedicated reserves or enfolio). In addition, we need to send renegotiation letters to several of the parties. If you need the list Theresa can provide it. Let me know your thoughts as soon as you can. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  Kennedy Oil powder river renegotiation 
Email : As discussed in the hallways over the last couple of weeks.... getting together is probably a timely item.. Can I suggest a meeting for the end of next week. I will ask my assistant to check calenders and get us all together. (1 hour meeting ). Suggestions on topics, issues agenda can be put forward at the first UNION meeting. regards, BT   <Sep> Subject :  Nat Gas Orig - Meeting 
Email : UNION members:  The attached presentation provides one format to develop a general orig "plan" for attacking the industrial market. The objective is to encapsulate our "common view" of the industrial market opportunities, resource strategy, product strategy, etc..(it also shows Louise that we are working together), . A more specific plan would be needed for each region driven by specific market needs. There is no pride of authorship for this format - changes/rewrites are expected. I you agree this has some value as a way to capture the results of our discussions, I will have an Associate from my group, JD Buss, to develop this further and coordinate comments and input from you or someone on your teams. Let JD know who he should get in touch with. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Industrial Plan 
Email : Gentlemen,    As you know, I have been working with Steve Lins to negotiate the ISDA agreement so that Enron and the City of Glendale are able to enter into financial transactions. I spoke with Steve today and he plans to review our latest draft and get back to me with any final changes so that we can send him an executable copy, along with our required documents, for signature next week. In other words, I am confident that we will have an executed ISDA within the next couple of weeks. My boss, Barry Tycholiz, and I are going to be in southern California September 17 & 18 and would like to set up a meeting with you guys to discuss alternatives to swaping out some of your index priced gas supply. We are available to meet with you after 2 pm on the 17th or at any time on the 18th. Please let me know when you guys are available and I will set that time aside for you. We look forward to meeting with you and expanding our business with the City of Glendale. Please feel free to call me if you have any questions. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  ISDA 
Email : Barry,  As promised, here are some of the current redeployment candidates that have a marketing/structuring/trading background for consideration concerning your West Origination opening. I believe that you have seen Jim Lowe before and expressed some limited interest in him. The other candidates are most likely new to you. Let me know if you would like to pursue any of these redeployed employees. Also, I spoke with Mark McConnell today, and he mentioned that he had accepted the offer to join the Transwestern group of ETS. He primary motivation for selection of this option was his desire to work with asset deals. As we know, given EWS "asset light" approach to deal making, this option would be difficult to fulfill within the West Origination group. However, he mentioned that he was very impressed with your group, and short of the asset piece maintained a high interest in your open position. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Redeployment Candidates 
Email : Barry/Mark,  Please see the attached files for the 2002 direct expense plan. The goal was to reach a combined plan of about $4,220,000. The numbers included only add up to about $3,905,000 so we can discuss if and where to add the additional $315,000. I'll try to reach you both at Mark's number around 9:00 Denver time (10:00 Houston time) tomorrow morning.   <Sep> Subject :  2002 Direct Expense Plan - PRELIMINARY 
Email : First of all I want to give you may condolence of what happened yesterday in New York and Washington. My family and I are praying for all of those who were affected. I had not received the information that Patty Sullivan told me about the gas flows of August and from you about the first days of this month. Please call me at your convenience  Saludos   <Sep> Subject :  Pending Info 
Email : Phil, I have attached a presentation that I threw together for the Calgary office regarding Rockies fundamentals. It doesn't flow particularly well, but it contains the most significant information from a few different prior presentations relating to the Rockies. Thought it might be useful as you work on the "Fundamentals Packet". Give me a call if you have any questions.   <Sep> Subject :  Rockies Presentation 
Email : Barry:  for your information, your I-140 Petition for Alien Worker was filed today with the INS. It will take approx. 6-12 months to receive the approval. Margaret   <Sep> Subject :  I-140 Filed 
Email : When: Thursday, September 20, 2001 1:00 PM-2:30 PM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada). Where: 3AC 9C1  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*   RESCHEDULED. Thanks for your patience. At this meeting, Dun & Bradstreet representative Karen Marcom will provide an overview of the Dun & Bradstreet marketing data that Enron will have access to through a global purchase agreement. This data set is a monthly feed of marketing information, financial stress scores, energy demand estimators, family tree linkage and D&B credit scores, which is a subset of the full D&B database. Karen will answer questions concerning the presentation of the data and how it will be accessed. The Dun & Bradstreet database will be available to business units sharing in the cost of the database.   <Sep> Subject :  Updated: Dun & Bradstreet Data 
Email : John, As we discussed, our attorney, Gerald Nemec, will incorporate your language from the red-lined Assignment Agreement in an amendment to the existing letter agreement between ENA and Patina. The amendment to the letter agreement should be completed this afternoon, at which time Gerald will e-mail you a copy for review. To the extent that the language is agreeable, Patina can execute Kern's original Assignment Agreement and the amendment to the letter agreement concurrently. Please call myself or Gerald Nemec (713-853-3512) if you have any questions. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Amended letter agreement 
Email : Barry,  You mentioned a gas outsourcing presentation. Could I get a copy of that? I am looking for examples of good ideas that can be applied to power - we have a current lapse in creativity!   <Sep> Subject :  Gas Pitch 
Email : Hello Barry,  My name is Todd Neugebauer and I am a manager in EBS Wholesale Origination in Europe. I came over here as an associate in February and was promoted in June. I am looking to move back into one of our more core areas and Ted Bland recommended I speak to you, or someone in your group. If you have a need, I am going to be in Houston late next week and would be able to meet then to discuss any opportunities. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Manager Position 
Email : Attached for your review and comments is Enron's Answer to Motion for Partial Summary Disposition by the Texas, New Mexico and Arizona full-requirements shippers in the complaint proceeding that they filed in July (RP01-486). The shippers have asked the Commission to (a) summarily determine that El Paso's mainline capacity is not adequate to serve its existing firm customers and (b) expeditiously establish a remedy phase in this proceeding. Enron's answer reiterates the comments it filed in the original proceeding, namely that the Commission should consolidate this proceeding with the complaint filed in RP01-484 by the Joint Complainants (producers, California LDCs) which also deals with issues of adequacy of capacity. We also reiterate and emphasize our original proposal that the Commission require El Paso to immediately give existing firm shippers the opportunity to turn back capacity they no longer need as one means of making additional capacity available to those who need more. You do not need to respond, but if you desire to, please get any comments back to me or Leslie by noon tomorrow. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Please Respond by 12 noon CDT Friday, Sept. 21 -- El Paso  Proceeding 
Email : Talked to Mark. First thing he has to do is convince Davis' lawyers that his companies' client list (which includes TW) shouldn't conflict him out of working on DWR gas deals. He should have that figured out by this week--sounds like he may have to make some decisions about his current client list and working for DWR.   <Sep> Subject :  Talked to Baldwin 
Email : Barry - For your cost center, I increased travel by $25k and Conferences & Training by $2,697. I didn't make any other changes to Mark's. These two files show the detail. This file shows the combined plan for West Origination. The "Income Statement" tab is what will be presented to Office of the Chair. Let me know if you need anything else. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  2002 Direct Expense Plan 
Email : Barry, I understand you have some reservations about my involvement with L-P's request for assistance to financially hedge their natural gas exposure. I have no problem working with Dave Fuller as I did regarding another entity or with whomever from your group regarding this matter, as long as I am financially rewarded for my time and efforts. As you will see for the attached letter from L-P, I have put a great deal of time and effort into positioning Enron as L-P's preferred ESP to the point of being asked to join their internal energy team. If you would please advice me how you'd like to proceed and we'll take it from there. Thanks,  John    - John M Energy Team Request.doc   <Sep> Subject :  Louisiana-Pacific (L-P) natural gas 
Email : Jeff, did Mark H. sign off on us removing triangular set-off between affiliated entities. We have removed the concept as instructed by Barry, but do not want to send to PG&E unless we have Mark's OK.  Also, Eric/Barry you were going to canvass Bill in terms of what he would require for Credit. Peter.   <Sep> Subject :  PG&E Master 
Email : We have 200,000 mmbtu/day of "Block II" capacity available through May 31, 2006. It is labeled "Block II" because PG&E owns recall rights on the entire block through 12/31/2005. The ROFR rights that go with this capacity add a tremendous amount of value (i.e. market rates with short term commitment vs. 15 - 20 year obligation of new build)  Capacity currently has access to all supply basins. However, the current FERC proceedings on receipt point reallocations will probably result in a supply split of 60% San Juan and 40% Permian. Rates for the capacity and my Duke proposal are attached. Please call if you have any questions.   <Sep> Subject :  PG&E Capacity 
Email : Hi Barry,  I have sent to you in the mail an article regarding the situation with your stock account at TD. Our best advice is to probably close out the account per TD and do online trading, if that suits you, or move the funds to the US. Re the cottage in Riding Mountain - go ahead. Two things:  it isn't useable in the winter, so it's not available for your use and the second thing is that you are going to be purchasing it AFTER you've become a non-resident. Amex Card - probably isn't a huge issue to use the Canadian one, but it is a tie. Please call with any further enquiries or for clarification. Best regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Follow up 
Email : Just wanted to check in and see if you were able to learn anything useful by looking through the WBI rate cases? I will be out the next couple of days so if you email me please cc Barry Tycholiz and Tyrell Harrison. Thanks   <Sep> Subject :  WBI Rate Base Study 
Email : Attached is a memo outlining my concerns in ENA entering into the above-referenced agreement. I will forward to you a hard copy of the Water Code that I reference in my memo. Please do not forward this memo to CDWR or their consultant. I can prepare a version suitable for distribution to CDWR if you would like. Stacy   <Sep> Subject :  CDWR Draft GISB Agreement 
Email : Hey Paul----I did get together with Barry Tycholiz this afternoon when I was in Houston to review the matrix that we have on price risk management initiatives and current practice at the state PUCs in the west. As you know, the matrix is a starting point, and I encouraged Barry to take a stronger look at his opportunities in each state and that we would do further spade work in those states as he identifies his prospects. We talked about 3 states that he has initial interest in--- California (Barry is already talking to Dasovich and I will touch base with Jeff tomorrow to follow up), Colorado and Nevada.   <Sep> Subject :  western states 
Email : 1. Notice of intent to execute ROFR due six months prior to expiration (Nov 30)  2. EPNG posts capacity on bulletin board specifying terms and conditions  3. Open season must last for a minimum of 20 business days  4. Bidders must conform to procedures in EPNG's tariff (sec 28.9 b)  5. EPNG is not obligated to accept offer at less than maximum rate. 6. Bids will be evaluated to determine best bid in accordance with tariff (Sec 28.10 b)  6. If EPNG accepts a bid, Shipper has 5 business days to match and is not obligated to match more than five years  7. If no competing offers received, shipper is "not entitled" to extend the contract except by agreeing to pay max rates or negotiating otherwise with EPNG.   <Sep> Subject :  EPNG ROFR Process 
Email : Mark/Barry--- I finally had a chance to look this week at the Colorado PUC proposed rulemaking amendments regarding price risk management (PRM) for gas utilities. As we had generally talked about, the appetite for meaningful change to the PUCs rules has been pretty weak by staff and to a great extent by the Commissioners themselves. These proposed rules reflect some movement toward encouraging utilties to implement PRM, but does NOT require them to implement, nor is there a clear statement that the PUC will allow recovery of costs. Here's a short list of what's in the rules:   <Sep> Subject :  Colorado PRM 
Email : If you haven't heard, SoCal's announced their abandoning windows for OFOs. They're holding "workshops" on how it will all work soon. I'll get you the announcement. Best,   <Sep> Subject :  SoCal Moving from Windows to OFOs 
Email : One of the guys here recieved a call from a guy at EES looking for contacts at gas utilities in the Northwest. They are hoping to sell them some sort of deal where they provide the utility structured products and the utility pushes them through to the endusers... isn't that my Cascade deal? Let's discuss Monday, it sounds like something we need to nip in the bud.   <Sep> Subject :  EES 
Email : Q3 now over, you will each be receiving in the internal mail a copy of the origination numbers associated with each of your groups. Please could you ensure the numbers are both;  (i) Correct, and  (ii) Correctly allocated  Should employees have left the group or company please do not allocate the amount to another originator as this will distort the numbers, just leave the name of the employee and number in place although they have left. These numbers will be used as a (obviously only one component) component of performance review. As you know we also monitor the soft targets so please ensure these are correct too. If you want to check your progress on soft targets - these are available from Faith. Please send all alterations to Faith Killen or call her on 30352. Thanks   <Sep> Subject :  End of quarter origination numbers 
Email : Hi Barry, I'm just following up on the status of the DWR GISB. Any word for me? Call if you have any questions. Thank You,   <Sep> Subject :  GISB update? 
Email : I'd like to keep this confidential, but someone inside PG&E's gas group (for what it's worth) told me that participants will have a choice under PG&E's proposed extension of its Gas Accord. Either the participant can retain the capacity for the term of the extension (less the cost escalators in the original deal) or release the capacity back to PG&E with no penalty. I'll try to confirm that this is the view among most in PG&E. Best,   <Sep> Subject :  Capacity Rights Under Possible Extension of PG&E's Gas Accord 
Email : Please see the attached chart outlining our Confirmation process. This is the same process that Barry Tycholiz implemented for Origination. I think it is a great way to verify our booking process. Please use the trading books that Anne Bike passed out yesterday. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Trading Confirmation Process 
Email : I think I have 12.5 days left. 1. I plan to carry 5 days to 2002  2. 1/2 day October 25 and October 26 (teacher's conferences, field trips)  3. November 21  4. December 26, 27, 28,31  5. 1 extra day Nov 26?   <Sep> Subject :  remaining vacation 
Email : Spoke to Ray Welch. They were supposed to meet with their lawyer yesterday - the lawyer never showed up. They'll try to get their comments together in the next few days. He mentioned that they were meeting internally on your transport swap structure Barry.   <Sep> Subject :  PGT contract 
Email : The following customers are currently covered by Fred Lagrasta's middle market desk primarily for derivative transactions. In all cases except for Hallwood, ENA Denver has a relationship with these customers that primarily covers their physical business, we would like to expand that business to cover their Derivative business as well. The list is based on priority. We would be willing to cover them for their West Gas business only. Fred could continue to cover their East, Central and Oil/Liquids business. Xcel Energy (PSCo) and affiliate e Prime. Devon Energy Cross Timbers Hallwood Energy Forest Oil Prima Patina Oil and Gas Westport   <Sep> Subject :  Middle Market Customers that Denver would like full responsibility  for 
Email : The state treasurer sent a letter this afternoon to Loretta Lynch. The treasurer claims in the letter that, by extending DA  through Sept. 20th, the PUC could have shifted more than $8 billion to small customers. He urges Lynch to immediately roll back the date to July 1. We have started working with large customers to refute the letter. If you would like a copy of the letter, please send your fax number to Joseph Alamo. Best,   <Sep> Subject :  California Treasurers Calls on Lynch to Immediately Set DA  Suspension Date Back to July 1 
Email : Attached is a summary of my notes at the Socal meeting regarding revised window procedures. No hand-outs were provided. Calculation of Receipt Point Capacity Topock  540 mmcf/d Ehrenberg 1250 mmcf/d Needles 800 mmcf/d Wheeler 800 mmcf/d  New Receipt Points Kramer Junction 200 mmcf/d Hector Rd 50 mmcf/d Both will be available around Feb 1  Basis of Pro-Ration-Current Windows Calculation Currently, Gas Control provides total receipt point capacity comprised of demand forecast and injection capability and compares to maximum amount of gas that can enter system. Gas Select prorates interstate's receipt capacity based on prior day's nominations. New Calculation, Changes and Display Based on operational maximum with adjustments for maintenance. SoCal ist aking and applying the current formula for Wheeler Ridge to all the points. Any changes to operational maximum will probably be due to maintenance and posted on Gas Select. Customer will choose which points it wants to reduce receipts. Operating maximums will equal demand forecast plus injections. Demand forecast will rely on Gas Control weather forecast. They use Weather Bank as one of their tools. OFO Declaration Name changes from overnomination Can declare before any Cycle Provide 2 hour notice Post on Gas Select Show OFO Calculation on Gas Select  Windows Reason to set windows was to set limits to prevent too much gas from coming into system Calculation based on noms which does not work well. Lots of complaints. People were complaining that it restricted access to the system. Eliminating point specific calculation. Open system to Max Oper. Limits or Contractual Limits. Will continue to operate Wheeler Ridge under Aug 1 procedures. No changes to Wheeler Ridge. Due to the need to maintain operational control, an OFO will be declared when scheduled volumes are greater than the max operating capacity on any cycle. Replace windows with operational maximum volumes. If  CPUC approves comprehensive settlement, will post 5 days of information to anticipate OFO's Now customers will elect which point they will back off instead of using windows. Scheduling Changes-Nov 1 Gas Select is being rebuilt and will be an internet system in mid-2002 . No direct dial-up. Rollover noms-noms will be copied from cycle to cycle Copy confirmed noms All noms will be rolled over-will not be at discretion of 3rd party. However, can still make  changes. Can still upload new files. 2 Hour Notice Socal will provide 2 hour notice on  Gas Select of OFO. Other methods include leaving message on Socal Hotline (213-244-3900) and list of e-mail messages that can go directly to pagers. Gas Select is official notification. Courtesy notification is hot line and e mail. Gas Select is a subscriber- based system mandated by CPUC and must get regulatory change to make free. OFO's are going to be system wide and not customer specific. OFO's can be declared intraday. Once OFO declared, it will be kept for entire day. Concerned that if call off, will have to put back on. Don't want to go back and forth. This decision may be reconsidered once they see how it works. Many times Socal see an increase of 200 mmcf/day between Cycle 3 and 4 so they are concerned. Scheduled vs. Capacity-Declare OFO Nominations may not exceed 110% of expected usage. Expected Usage is defined as usage for the same day for the prior week. Can revise expected usage. No interruptible storage injections allowed during OFO. Use Elapsed Pro-Rata Rules Expected Usage-cut nominations to 110% of expected usage so will use same day  of the prior week as proxy. Generators need to revise expected usage. Acceptance of changes are at the discretion of SoCal. Flow Day Diversions don't go into effect until after Cycle 4. Gas Control will determine if flow day diversion will be allowed. If call OFO after cycle 3 or 4 and have interruptible storage injections, such storage will be prorationed back under the elapsed prorata rules. Many people were concerned that interruptible storage will be severely compromised. If OFO called , Interruptible Storage could be cut under the elapsed prorata rules as follows:  Cycle 1    Nom 1000  ; 0 cut Cycle 2 Nom 1000; 666 cut Cylce 3 Nom 1000; 500 cut Windows will only be implemented during cycle 4 if OFO callled after cycle 3 and no improvement is realized. Will allocate prorata. Will use latest scheduled volume and will pro rate by receipt point. In other words, if OFO declared during Cycle 1 and no relief after 3 cycles, Socal will window Cycle 4 and prorata cut. Parties will determine what gets cut on all the other cycles. For penalty purposes, actual burn from 12 o'clock to 12 o'clock will be used to calculate penalties or MAXDQ if not metered. For OFO, assume supply delivereis day before and burn is the same day for the prior week. Declare OFO on prior day's scheduled volume. For an evening declaration-will use most recent available scheduled volumes. For example:           Flow Day 10/4                10/3 Scheduled Volumes Cycle 1                                    Cycle 2 Cycle 2                                     Intraday 1 Cycle 3    evening cyle 2 on 10/4 Cycle 4                                     Intraday 1 on 10/4  In other words, will look at evening cycle 2 <Sep> Subject :  Socal Window Meeting 
Email : Barry,  We would like to set a time when Dave Kistler is back in town to discuss our list of companies that we would like to pursue along with your guidance. Dave will be in town Nov 6th-7th, therefore, I would greatly appreciate you taking the time to meet with us for 30min-1hour. Please advise on your availability. Thanks so much for you time last week and we look forward to working with you in the future. Jenn McClain   <Sep> Subject :  Meeting with Weather group 
Email : All,  Further to your recent discussions surrounding the ENA Origination Track I will shortly be scheduling an interview date for you to interview recommended candidates. You have already received the attached list of suggested candidates and as I understand it you have no comments on these individuals thus far. In order to match the success of the ENA Trading Track it requires your 100% commitment and participation in the following areas:  1. Interviewing 2. Training 3. Mentoring 4. Promotion of the Track  I will contact each supervisor of the attached list of candidates to gain further feedback on these candidates, prior to contacting them, and ensure their respective buy-in. If you have any questions please call me. I look forward to working with you on this Track. Kind regards,   <Sep> Subject :  ENA Origination Track 
Email : FERC today issued an Initial Decision in the hearing in the Transwestern case concerning several negotiated rate agreements to which Indicated Shippers and the CPUC had raised objections. Briefly, the Judge ruled that Transwestern had not exercised market power and that the capacity was advertised and awarded in accordance with Transwestern's tariff. However, Transwestern must modify its tariff to add a separate provision where all the posting, bidding and award procedures for purposes of awarding capacity are clearly stated. A highlighted copy of the ruling is attached for your information.   <Sep> Subject :  FERC Initial Decision in Hearing on TW Negotiated Rate Deals 
Email : FERC today issued Draft Orders denying rehearing in the following:  Kern River, CP01-31 (2002 Expansion Project) Rejected arguments of the Firm Customers that the project should not have been approved or, alternatively, the rights of the expansion shippers at Wheeler Ridge should be subordinate to those of the existing shippers. PG&E Gas Transmission, NW, CP01-141 (2001 Expansion) Rejected Newport Northwest LLC's assertion that requiring the expansion shippers to pay a fuel cost surcharge to recover any incremental fuel costs due to the additional compression approved for this project is contrary to FERC precedent and the policy statement on expansion facilities. These orders should be issued within the next few days, and we will circulate copies. Let Melinda know if you want to see the draft copies before then (they are not available electronically).   <Sep> Subject :  FERC Draft Orders on Kern River and PG&E Projects 
Email : FYI. The California AG has announced that he is investigating conflict of interest charges against consultants who were involved with arranging DWR's long term power contracts. May be part of Davis' attempt to "re-negotiate" the contracts. There's been some assertions that, under California law, any contracts negotiated by consultants with financial conflict of interests must be nullified.   <Sep> Subject :  California AG Investigating Consultants 
Email : Jim:  As we have discussed, ENA is trying to close a gas supply transaction with Citizens Gas in Arizona to provide gas supply to Citizens for ultimate delivery to PP&L for the Griffith power plant. As part of this transaction, Enron Asset Management Resources (EAMR) would provide services to operate a pipeline that interconnects El Paso and Transwestern to the pipeline header system that ultimately interconnects with the Griffith power plant. To date, it has been the reasonable position of EAMR that its liability for services provided to Citizens should be "capped" at the sum of its annual fee of $144,000. Citizens wants a $1,000,000 limit. Citizens and EAMR have agreed to all aspects of the services deal except this liability question. Although it might be possible to close our gas deal without EAMR, this is far from certain. I have been trying to come up with an approach that would bridge this gap so that the ENA gas deal can be closed. This e-mail is intended to indicate the value of this transaction to Enron and get your viewpoint as to the feasibility and cost of one of two deal structures:  1)  ENA buys insurance to cover the cost of our buying a policy to bridge th gap in liability from $144,000 to $1,000,000. 2)  EAMR decides to increase the laibiltiy to $1,000,000 in return for increasing their earnings on the deal by the amount ENA would pay fior the insurance product - about $120,000. ENA's preference is clearly for approach 2. The attached spreadsheet indicates the value of this transaction to Enron. ENA will earn approximately $3 million on the deal. Please keep this number in confidence. In addition, we have budgeted about $120,000 for the insurance product to increase the liability of EAMR from $140,000 to $1,000,000. Can you please advise me as to the feasibility of 1) or 2) above? If there is no way we are going to get there, I need to know fairly quickly so I can explore other options. If it is possible, which of the above 2 approaches is better from you perspective? Citizens will be here today at 3:00 pm. I would greatly appreciate some feedback from you by that time. To contact me please call Kim Ward at 713/853-0685 and she will be able to find me. Thanks very much for you time. Chris   <Sep> Subject :  Citizen's Gas/Enron Transaction in Arizon 
Email : Barry,  Attached is a revised origination schedule for 3rd quarter and supporting detail. Please provide any revisions by Wednesday, October 31. I will consolidate the originations for all teams and submit to Louise. Let me know if you have any questions.   <Sep> Subject :  West Gas 3Q YTD Origination 
Email : Hey there Barry! Just wanted to drop you an note to say thanks for the cocktails and laughs the other night in Denver. We had a great time with you guys. I will store your card and give you a call or drop you a note before we come to Houston next season. Maybe you can round up some Houston buddies that could entertain us as much as your Denver ones! We are off to San Antonio this week with the Lakers. It is a fun town. I am sure we will manage to find some kind of trouble to get into. Do you ever go there? Any good restaurant recomendations? There are so many to choose from. Talk with you later,  Debra   <Sep> Subject :  blue 67 
Email : I thought that is might be helpful to outline what we agreed to with EES. I have taken a shot at it. I would like to get agreement within ENA and then forward to EES. Please provide your comments. Frank   <Sep> Subject :  ENA/EES 
Email : Barry, Your password has been reset and you may want to start using this one as the testdev password is a temporary id and changes frequently. Please let me know if you have any problems with this one. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Bridge/Telerate login and password 
Email : Barry,  The information on the top 10 from your contract list  1. Duferco-Farrell Corp. - Could not find any contract in our database. Do we have the name correct? 2. XTO Energy Inc. - There is no MAC clause in the contract. So they can't terminate unless we fail to perform. One way termination payment 3. Power Authority State of New York - No Master Found. Only a GTC and Master Interruptible. 4. The Peoples Gas Light and Coke Company - Found an old Columbia Energy Marketing and Consolidated Natural Gas Company. No MAC termination clause and no termination payment calculation. If party fails to perform then other party can seek damages. 5. NUI Utilities, Inc.  - MAC Clause triggered at BBB-. Two way termination payment 6. Louis Dreyfus Natural Gas - No Master found. Just GTCs and a Master Spot 7. Florida Power and Light Company -  MAC Clause triggered at BBB-. FPL can terminate unless we provide LC equal to their Termination Payment. One way termination payment. 8. The American Coal Company - Couldn't find any contracts. 9. Trigen Energy Corporation (Found Trigen-Nassau Energy Corp.) - No MAC Clause. No  specific remedy for default (i.e. termination payment) 10. PrimeSouth, Inc.  - Could not find any contracts  Sorry for the delay. Let me know if you need more information.   <Sep> Subject :  Contract Review 
Email : Enron Federal Credit Union Stands Ready to Assist You Enron Federal Credit Union would like you to know that we stand ready to assist our members affected by the recent events. We are committed to those who may need special assistance during this difficult time. The State of Enron Federal Credit Union We are dedicated to providing our members with all the services they would normally expect to receive. Business will continue to be conducted as it always has. We will continue to provide loans. In the event you have an EFCU loan or credit card, we will negotiate a workable agreement for its repayment if necessary. These arrangements will be made on an individual basis. ATM withdrawals and Debit Card transactions will carry the same daily limits. EFCU will be conducting "business as usual." EFCU is a not-for-profit financial institution (a cooperative) owned and operated by you, the member. And, although we are here exclusively to provide financial services to the employees of Enron Corp. and their family members, we remain financially independent from Enron Corp.  And, your accounts at the Credit Union are insured to $100,000.00 by the National Credit Union Share Insurance Fund (NCUSIF), supervised by the National Credit Union Administration (NCUA), an agency of the U.S. Government. How To Access The Credit Union  You may continue to access your funds in the Credit Union at EB 399, through our electronic services, or at any of our Texas Credit Union Service Center branches:   <Sep> Subject :  Enron Federal Credit Union Stands Ready to Assist You 
Email : This may be too early, but just in case....I will save the good-byes until they become absolutely necessary. Could I have your outside e-mails and possibly your phone #'s? If you feel uncomfortable giving these to me, that is o.k. The following is my information.   <Sep> Subject :  keep in touch 
Email : Please find attached a draft agreement for the purchase of EPMI's position with Santa Clara. Peter Meier   <<Purchase Agreement ver1.doc>>    PG&E National Energy Group and any other company referenced herein that uses the PG&E name or logo are not the same company as Pacific Gas and Electric Company, the regulated California utility. Neither PG&E National Energy Group nor these other referenced companies are regulated by the California Public Utilities Commission. Customers of Pacific Gas and Electric Company do not have to buy products from these companies in order to continue to receive quality regulated services from the utility.   <Sep> Subject :  Santa Clara Purchase 
Email : Mr.  Drexelius,    Per Barry Tycholiz request, attached is the letter agreement for assignment and payment for the Kern River Capacity. Please execute immediately and fax to my attention at (713) 646-3490. Upon receipt I will forward to Barry for decision to execute or not by 1:00 pm. Thank You for your prompt attention to this matter.   <Sep> Subject :  Letter Agreement  for Kern Capacity 
Email : Barry, what did you do to the company!? Listen, sorry to hear about the  problems at ENRON. What a strange turn of events. It is pretty bizarre  after 10 years of ENRON being the model for other companies on how to  succeed in the energy industry. What's your take on why it happened? We get  a little bit of news down here but we're a little out of touch. How are you taking it? Are you pissed? Do you feel like you squeezed pretty  much what you wanted out of the job? What's the next thing for Barry Tic? Well, like all of life's curve-balls there is always something sweet in the  next pitch you get (jeez, how sappy is that!). Anyway, hope you're taking  it all with the good nature you always do. Hey, maybe this will give you the chance to take a holiday in Ecuador  (Christmas turkey at our house this year?). Say hi to Kim for us, drop me a  line as soon as you can (a better address to reach me is craigh@ph.com.ec). Sorry I haven't sent a note before this but you know we are always rooting  for you. Your pal, Craig.   <Sep> Subject :  Oops! 
Email : I left a message for either one of you to call. I need to see you today. Early as possible. Shouldn't take any more than 10 minutes. PG&E National Energy Group and any other company referenced herein that uses the PG&E name or logo are not the same company as Pacific Gas and Electric Company, the regulated California utility. Neither PG&E National Energy Group nor these other referenced companies are regulated by the California Public Utilities Commission. Customers of Pacific Gas and Electric Company do not have to buy products from these companies in order to continue to receive quality regulated services from the utility.   <Sep> Subject :  See you please 
Email : Greetings Steve:  We have had many inquiries regarding our transportation agreements, specifically PGT, Kern River and El Paso. Most pressing is PGT's request to market capacity on our behalf. Although I do not believe we need to have PGT perform this function, I do believe we could mitigate some demand charge exposure for "the estate". Are you available to meet with Barry and I first thing tomorrow morning? We need to have an answer for PGT's request. We need to know what the contractual rights are for 1) the pipeline when a shipper declares bankruptcy and 2) our ability to mitigate demand charge exposure by releasing capacity on a short term basis (month at a time?). Better yet, can we unilaterally turn capacity back to any of these pipes or do we need to reach some type of court approved settlement? Obviously, we have many questions. Please advise of your ability to meet ASAP. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Contractual Obligations Associated with Long Term Pipeline Contract 
Email : Mary,  Attached is a letter notifying Socal Gas that Enron Administrative Services is no longer the authorized marketer for Jefferson Smurfit Corp & Stone Container Corp. Please let me know if you have any questions. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  cancellation of authorized marketer for Jefferson Smurfit & Stone  Container Corp. 
Email : PG&E National Energy Group and any other company referenced herein that uses the PG&E name or logo are not the same company as Pacific Gas and Electric Company, the regulated California utility. Neither PG&E National Energy Group nor these other referenced companies are regulated by the California Public Utilities Commission. Customers of Pacific Gas and Electric Company do not have to buy products from these companies in order to continue to receive quality regulated services from the utility.   <Sep> Subject :  PG&E GTN Customer Survey 
Email : I sent three names to you for my reviewers. Laura Wente, Mark Whitt, Gerald Nemec. You may want to add someone from the desk - your discretion. Thanks   <Sep> Subject :  List of Reviewers 
Email : PG&E will announce via press release very early next week an open season on Redwood, Baja and Silverado. It comes in direct response to recent announcements of expansions into California by pipelines. The bid protocols will be structured similar to original open season from the original Gas Accord. The open season will start on June 1 and end on July 31. Capacity will be available starting 1.1.03. Bidders will be able to bid up to 30 years (PG&E states that that's what generators want). Accompanying the announcement will be another announcement that PG&E will expand Redwood by 200mmcf/day, which they hope to have available by 1.1.03, or some time during Q103. About 2-4 weeks after the open season begins, PG&E will file its proposed "Gas Accord II,"  (the first one expires end of 02). As part of that filing, PG&E will offer its proposed ratemaking treatment for the next five years (beginning 1.1.03). PG&E will not include in the open season 1) core capacity and 2) certain EAD contracts that extend beyond the Gas Accord 1 end date. In addition, PG&E will hold back an additional 20% (after excluding core and EAD), to be "open-seasoned" at some "future" date. The capacity to be auctioned is: 1) 900 mmcf/day on Redwood, 2) 245 (annual) on Baja, plus an additional 200/day in summer on Baja, 3) 155 on Silverado. How PG&E will market the 20% they intend to hold back, and when they might auction it off in the future will be discussed in PG&E's Gas Accord II filing. No single company will be awarded more than 30% of the capacity on any specific path in the primary open season (though firms can bid whatever level of capacity they choose). Please forwad along to anyone else who might be interested. If you have any questions, just holler. Best,   <Sep> Subject :  More Info: PG&E to Announce Open Season on Redwood and Baja Early  Next Week 
Email : Attached are a draft of the MSA and a Transaction Agreement under the existing Enfolio Master in place between ENA and the City of Palo Alto. Please review. There are a few questions and blanks to be completed after your review.   <Sep> Subject :  Draft MSA and Confirm (Palo Alto) 
Email : Barry, per our conversation, attached are resumes of rotating Analysts and Associates. If you are interested, you may contact them directly. Please keep me posted of your interest. Analysts   ,   ,   ,   ,     ,  ,    (Bucky, Brent, and Marc are moving from our London office in January)  3rd-Yr Analyst   (Eligible to promote to Associate at year-end)   Associates   ,   ,   ,    Thanks in advance for your consideration!   <Sep> Subject :  Rotating Analysts & Associates 
Email : Revised per your request. I did remove the conditions precedent. All outs in the Cinergy Trading Firm Contract have expired. I understand that Kern has a final certificate from FERC. Is this the case? We do need to have the executed assignment docs, before we sign this paper.   <Sep> Subject :  Revised Sierra Confirm 
Email : Barry and Kim,  Attached is my first go at our European option model. It is capable of valuing monthly physical or financial calls/puts. I've tried to make it user friendly by using a similar format as we are using for our swap/spread models. Please let me know if you like its functionality, and provide me some input on how you might want to fiddle with it when doing real time pricing. Phil   <Sep> Subject :  Euro Option 11-2-01.xls 
Email : We have a very good relationship, and long term gas sale with Thermo Partners who manage the 270 MW Ft. Lupton facility. They have inquired as to Enron's interest in either buying the energy, tolling or buying the entire plant. The effective date would be July 2002. The plant is currently under a QF contract with PSCo. Mike, I would like to see if you have some time on Monday afternoon to discuss the particulars and we can devise a game plan to get you connected with these guys. Let me know your availability. Thanks   <Sep> Subject :  Thermo Ft. Lupton Co-generation Plant 
Email : All,  The below is the final list  of candidates that I have recieved to interivew for the Origination Track. All names have either been recommended or approved by their manger. Each candidate will be contacted tomorrow and we will proceed with a late November interview date. You, as the managment team will be expected to interivew candidates. If there are any final additions you would like to make to the below, please let me know asap. Kind regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Origination Track (ENA) 
Email : Attached are comments which ENA proposes to file in response to FERC's Notice of Proposed Rulemaking establishing the right for releasing shippers to recall released capacity from the replacement shipper for nomination at each of the first three GISB prescribed nomination deadlines. The comments support the NOPR except that we say the FERC should make it absolutely clear that the intraday recall right must be part of a specific and express agreement between the releasing and replacement shipper, and that FERC should schedule a workshop after issuing the order so that operational concerns, such as accounting and gas tracking issues, can be worked out. Comments must be filed by Monday, so please let me know if you have any concerns or suggestions by noon CST on Friday, 11/16. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  PLEASE RESPOND BY NOON FRIDAY -- ENA Comments, NOPR on Intraday  Recall Rights 
Email : Barry,  Attached are redlines of the docs with the changes we discussed today. Please pay special note to the Maximum Daily Deliverability Quantity of the Confirm. I want to discuss how this limits us and what flexibility this section needs. Please review and lets discuss.   <Sep> Subject :  Revised Docs. 
Email : Barry -  My name is Brian Wood and I am an Associate who is currently up for rotation. I spoke with Shelly Friesenhahn from the Associate/Analyst Program and she recommended that I contact you about openings within your group. I would be very interested in talking to you in order to find out if I would be a good fit for your needs. I have spoken with an Associate in your group, Phil Polsky, and am excited about the business and learning opportunities in West Coast Gas Origination. In my previous rotations, I have participated in a broad base of structuring, modeling, and origination activities. To provide further detail about my experiences and achievements, I have attached my resume for your review. With everything going on in the company, I know it may be difficult to find time to meet with me. Please let me know when it would be most convenient to stop by. I look forward to having the chance to explain how I could provide value to your group. Thank you for your consideration,   <Sep> Subject :  Rotation Opportunity 
Email : I called Bill Gaines of Puget to try to relax our credit constraints. We just traded voicemails, but agreed to talk on Monday. My general message, unless you have something to add or subtract, will be: "lots has gone on at both companies, makes sense to get together to meet your team to talk about gas and power - probably is more we can be doing together, etc. meeting in late Nov/early Dec". Thoughts? Chris   <Sep> Subject :  Puget 
Email : All,     Below are the confirmed list of names to be interviewed for the Origination Track, Wednesday, 28th November. (there are a possibility of a further 3 candidates). All of you are confirmed to interview, however I require another 4/5 interviewers (Manager/director level) to ensure all candidates are interviewed by 5 originators. Pls advise who from your groups can facilitate interviewing. Interview schedules/resumes will be sent to you early next week. I look forward to hearing from you. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Origination Track - Interviews Wednesday 28th. 
Email : I was advised by Lad Lorenz of Socal that their original application sets forth the plan by which they will sell the residual gas in the Montebello storage field. Can you please advise me of the final tems of the PUC decision (should have been announced yesterday) and get a copy of the application? Based upon yesterday's conference in D.C., I  think the restructuring of Socal's backbone transportation is about to become a hot topic again! Please keep us apprised. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Montebello 
Email : Barry, Take a look at this Version II of the Pricing Sheet. Let me know what you think. Also, I was unclear on your comments about the NYMEX chart - were you wanting me to add historicals?   <Sep> Subject :  Pricing Sheet 
Email : All,   The origination track internal interviews scheduled for tomorrow, Wednesday 28th November will be postponed until further notice. Please remove from your calendar. Kind regards   <Sep> Subject :  Origination Track Interviews - Postponed 
Email : Gerald, I attach a copy of the current form of master physical gas agreement ECC has in place with CNR. Randy will send you a credit worksheet in the next half hour. Can you make sure that your form of master has the triangular setoff language that Mark Haedicke distributed a month or so ago to be included in all agreements, as CNR wants to ensure there is cross-affiliate setoff. Once it is prepared, Howard Sangwine, the commercial contact in Calgary, will walk the document over to CNR, so you can send it to me and I will get it to him. Thanks for your help.   <Sep> Subject :  CNR Master 
Email : Barry,  Could you go through the attached list and identify which of your customers in column B correspond to the names in column D? There may be no match in column D.  If so, please indicate as such. This is part of the project with structuring and credit to identify which of our customers have master firm and master swap agreements in place. Credit has a number of different subsidiaries in its database, and these subsidiaries do not necessarily correspond to the customer names in our own database. Thanks, and let me know if you have any questions. Phil   <Sep> Subject :  Customer List Info 
Email : Hi Mr. Tycholiz,  My name is Tamara and I work with Judy on the Enron program here at PricewaterhouseCoopers. I have been looking over your file and have a question with regard to the fax which you sent to us on August 29, 2001. There may have been a misunderstanding regarding the intention of you faxing those documents to us. We looked at the fax and understood it to be for our files. However, from your most recent email, we are now thinking that you had expected us to take some kind of action on your behalf with the IRS. The original notice from the IRS is dated June 23rd, 2001. It states that should you not agree with their figures, you should contact them. We assumed that you did not agree with the notice and had contacted them. Our question is: did you contact the IRS and/or send in the forms with your wife's SSN or was it action that we were meant to take? If you could please clarify this at your earliest convenience, we will try to get this resolved as soon as possible. Kind regards,   <Sep> Subject :  IRS refund 
Email : Per Barry's request, attached is the Agency and Management Services Agreement to be executed between Enron North America Corp. and Mexicana De Cobre. Also attached is the form of agency agreement to be attached as Exhibit B to the Agency and Management Services Agreement. This agency agreement is El Paso's form and must be executed by ENA, Mexicana, and El Paso. The El Paso form requires that you open as a read only file. Please review. We are working on the gas purchase agreement and should forward shortly. We received the power of attorney and bylaws you emailed. I had a Spanish speaking attorney in our office assist me with their review. The bylaws look fine. We would like you to follow up with a certified copy in the mail. For now can you confirm via a response to this email, that these are the latest bylaws on file? He noted that under the Power of Attorney, it would be required that two of the gentlemen listed on page 2 of the power of attorney documentation, execute our agreements. Can you confirm? Would be happy to discuss this with you. Thank you for your cooperation.   <Sep> Subject :  Agency Agreement 
Email : Attached for your review are a draft of the gas Confirmation and associated GTC. Also attached is a clean and redlined version of the Agency and Management Agreement. A few minor tweaks were made. We also added some information requirements concerning your gas supply deals. Please review. Thanks for your help.   <Sep> Subject :  Documents 
Email : Katy Carrol called me and said they where closing their  deals and I confirm the deal for june 1-4 at Gas Daily Permian flat for 11,418  MMBtu/d plus fuel. Also told her that Enron was goping to be our agent to  manage this deal. Saludos,   <Sep> Subject :  Texaco deal 
Email : We have accepted your suggested revision to Article 13 of the Agency and Management Agreement. Attached is a new executable with the language revised. Also attached for execution are the gas purchase confirm and associated GTC for the gas purchase through Monday June 4. The GTC was revised to remove the $0.15 per MMBtu liquidated damages. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Gas Sale Docs. and Revised Agency Agreement 
Email : Attached are the final documents which includes  1. Agency and Management Agreement - Clean and Redlined copy which shows the changes per my discussion with Jay Goleb at Baker & Botts 2. Gas Confirm for June 1 thru June 4, 2001 3. Gas Confirm for June 5 thru June 30, 2001 4. Gas Conform for July 1 thru October 31, 2001 5. GTC which applies to all three confirms 6. Agency Notice Letter - Mexicana to send to its Permian suppliers for notice of Enron's agency. Please print out and execute documents 1 thru 5 and fax to Barry Tycholiz. We will follow up with duplicate originals for execution. Thanks for all your cooperation.   <Sep> Subject :  Final Docs. 
Email : Barry,  Per your request, the attached presentation outlines some of the issues we are facing around gas supply for power gen in the west. Please look it over and let me know if it meets your intended goals for the meeting. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Discussion Items for Weekly Meeting 
Email : Hope all is well with both of you! As Colin and I discussed, we are looking to place some transportation capacity. In that regard, I offer the attached proposal for your consideration. I believe these transportation paths are a good fit for your needs on PG&E. This proposal offers diversity of supply (Baja and Redwood) for your generation projects on the PG&E system. You would also receive the future benefit of existing tolls relative to incrementally priced expansions.Start date is open for discussion. Please call me as soon as possible - we are going to move fast. Best regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Transport Capacity on El Paso and NOVA/ANG/PGT 
Email : The following is a list of the industries that ENA will be responsible for covering. All other end-use customers will be covered by EES. Based on your input, we have added the big three automakers, cement, primary metals and large agricultural. In addition, ENA will have 8 companies listed in Aerospace/Other. Please let me or John know as soon as possible if you have concerns, else we're done. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Final Look:  ENA/EES SIC Codes 
Email : Barry -  Could you go through the attached customer list and match up our customer name with the correct counterparty name. We are working with credit to figure out who has master firm and master swap agreements in place. Please mark your changes in yellow. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Customer List Info 
Email : It looks like we are done on the new Citizens deal effective July 1. I have sent original contracts for execution. We now have to put the deal in the system. This is a little complicated. The attached spreadsheet indicates how this deal will work, using June as an example. The only differences between June and future months are:  1)  In the future, we will collect a $.09/MMBtu demand charge with $.02/MMBtu of this going to EAMR (ENA gets $.07/MMBtu) 2)  In the future, the PG&E discount is $.10, not $.25. Some of the complicated booking issues are:  1. We need to show the John Cogan commission as a separate deal and a cost to ENA 2. We need to show the payment to EAMR as a separate deal and a cost to ENA 3. We will continue to bill Citizens for the TW Mainline cost on our utility deal  1 and 2 above are pretty straight forward and should not create any deal entry difficulties other than someone will have to enter the deals. Number 3 is more difficult. The complexities relate to where we are making the sale and what costs should be included. Can you get with the folks who can help us here and have them come up with a recommendation on how this deal should be booked? Let me know if you have questions. I also believe I can add value in speaking with Darren Giron or others. I guaranty their initial recommendation will not be 100% workable. Thanks!   <Sep> Subject :  Citizens Gas Deal 
Email : Scott Yule advised that ANG system contracted for roughly 290 M2/day of new delivery capacity (210 to PGT & 80 to Southern Crossing). The Alberta system will expand by 222 M2/day plus an additional 37 M2/day for LRS 2 service. No capacity was relinquished. All of this is timed to come on line with the 2002 PGT expansion. Can you tell from the queue that I forwarded to you -  What is the split between Shippers going to PGT versus Southern Crossing? Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  ANG/Nova Expansions 
Email : I have set up a meeting in 32C2 at 1:00 pm central time to discuss the citizens deal and booking issues associated with it. Chris, we will call you from the speaker phone in that conference room. Let me know if there are any conflicts. thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Citizens 
Email : This information is for the private use of the recipient and may not be disclosed to any other entity (including affiliates) without the prior written consent of Enron North America. All of the above prices are "indicative" prices  and are subject to change depending upon changing market conditions and liquidity. The transactions are also subject to negotiation of mutually acceptable definitive agreements, satisfactory credit arrangements and the approval of the respective management's of our two companies. This term sheet is not intended to create a binding or enforceable contract nor is it an offer or a commitment to enter into any transaction. All terms are subject to change until  agreement as to a specific transaction has been reached. ENA is not acting as a fiduciary or advisor and you should evaluate and understand the terms, conditions, and risks of all transactions in making your decisions with respect thereto   <Sep> Subject :  Here is the report 
Email : Barry:  I have two copies of the Citizens deal Kim and I did in hand, signed by Citizens but not ENA. I can sign them, but I wanted to see if you want to sign them or initial them. I want Kim to initial them as well. How do you want to handle the ENA signature on these docs? C   <Sep> Subject :  Citizens Contracts 
Email : This is to quickly summarize our call on July 11 on California gas intrastate matters and set a direction for future activity. Unbundling:  PG&E has a Gas Accord in effect through 12/31/03, which is generally positive. We will participate in the development of a successor plan, and attempt to improve it if we can. SoCalGas attempted its own version of a gas accord, but the CPUC refused to approve. We will attempt to resurrect this accord and obtain CPUC approval. Hedging:  No proceeding currently exists to address gas hedging by LDCs. (draft legislation does exist on the electric side to allow hedging and passthrough of costs). Jeff has recommended that we approach the LDCs to begin discussing the issue and developing a strategy to take to the CPUC. I suggest we develop an ENA-EES hedging proposal for CA and then take that to the LDCs. I will attempt to put this is writing. Infrastructure:  CPUC has undertaken a proceeding to determine the need to improve infrastructure. SoCal Gas and PG&E are responding with proposals. We want to revitalize the infrastructure and ensure real markets exist and can develop. Our task is to participate in these proceedings. (Please let me know who I left off the mailing list).   <Sep> Subject :  CA Instrate Gas matters 
Email : Brad, further to our conversation of yesterday morning, please find attached  Enron's payout table and alternative payout table regarding the permanent  assignment of PGT capacity. The onus will be on Enron to deliver long dated capacity to Calpine and we  will begin working on this immediately. Below is a summary of some of the key next steps. Please review and we can  discuss on Monday the numbers and final steps as required. ENA and Calpine will formalise  % discount, volume grid, lump sum $ amount or  annuity amount. As discussed our cost of funds implied will be LIBOR + 200 basis points. ( to  be confirmed ). ENA will raise a precedent agreement with option language in favor of Calpine  which allows you to request that the period 2 volume  be no less than the  period 1 volume and up to the total delivered volume of 67,500 based on the  agreed to % discount as referenced in point #1. ENA will forward the draft precedent agreement which will include the  necessary conditions precedent required and with the general commercial terms  as agreed per items above (ETA - Tues/Wed). ENA will provide a bid to Calpine on Monday afternoon with a number on the  Spark Spread proposal. Contact name @ Trans Canada and ANG is Kay Coad Ph: 403-267-2480. I trust the information as provided above is consistent with our previous  discussions. Please contact me once you have had a chance to review. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Enron - PGT Payout Table 
Email : Mark, Stephanie further to our conversations please find a summary list which  I will need some help on. As part of our business plan for 2001 Phillip and  myself will make a presentation to Delainey et al regarding the West  Initiatives. This is going to happen by Dec. 8. As you guys know our group in total is going to be made up of a few key areas. Producer Services  Transportation Origination/ Middle Marketing Trading   Can you put together in draft form a business plan for next year that  outlines some key items. Once we have a first pass at this, we can  incorporate into the overall package and decide how this fits in with our new  group. The key subject items should include:    SM/MW/BT 1> Market Overview - supply demand fundamentals in your area. SM/MW/BT 2> Strategies and opportunities for 2001 ( What new initiatives will  we implement ?) SM/MW/BT 3> New products and structures for your area SM/MW/BT 4> Issues in 2000 ( what didn't work ?) BT  5> Organization Issues / people /transition etc. If you could start thinking about these in greater detail, we can then go  through and incorporate into the west orig. objectives. Call me to discuss, but we should start to discuss detail early next week. BT   Thanks,  BT   <Sep> Subject :  2001 Business Plan 
Email : For your information. please find attached the spreadsheet that I sent to  Calpine for their consideration. Action:   Peter is going to review the assignment doc's and with Steve raise the proper  legal document that protects ECC/ENA's interests. At this time, Peter and I  are of the opinion that a new agreement may be all we need but we will  discuss on Monday. Julie/ Stephanie/Eric....we need to discuss the numbers again. The real  producer unwind costs may be really ugly, which basically means that our  numbers may be too low to Calpine.. even with the counter offer, the front  end economics are pulling a lot of value out of the deal. Assuming numbers can be agreed too by everyone, we are positioning ourselves  for a package out to the producers for early next week. Stephanie.. one of our customers has asked for California fundamentals...  overview... do we have anything available. Talk to everyone on Monday. BT   <Sep> Subject :  Calpine Term Sheet. 
Email : Fran and Tricia... this note is to confirm that I will be an employee of ENA  effective Dec. 1/ 00. Fran, are you looking after payroll issues or is it  going to be Jeannie Sloan  Thanks. BT   <Sep> Subject :  Employment Status - Eff. Dec. 1 
Email : Kim,  We spoke last week about a possible 5 yr gas deal for our Yuba City plant. Below is our RFP. I'll call to discuss. Thanks, Paul Cummins   <Sep> Subject :  Yuba City Cogen 5 yr gas deal 
Email : Robert,  Please nominate 450 MMBtu/day for direct sale customer #A020 for the month of November 2001, based on historical usage. Scheduling: Please confirm... then notify me. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Nomination for November 
Email : Hi Kim, hope you're doing well. Just received comments from our  Lawyers for your Master Enfolio. Should I be speaking with you or  someone else? Also, could you give me a quote of what a daily call for Q3 will be  at the money for 5,000 mmBtu/day. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Q3 Call Option 
Email : I thought I should let you know that I am now, Mrs. Sonya Johnston! We eloped and got married in vegas on Monday September 17.  you can see pics at:  www.johnstoncentral.com  give us a call sometime & let us know what you're up to! see you!   <Sep> Subject :  Hey Girl...Big news!!! 
Email : Hello Kim,   My name is Joelene Whittaker and I am a recruiter with  STM Associates. DTE Energy, www.dtecs.com/sitemap.html , has retained us to  assist them in placing two Director of Sales for Eastern and Western  Regions. The Eastern position will be located in Ann Arbor, Michigan and  the Western position in Denver, Colorado. Both Director of Sales will  report to the Vice President of Sales. Qualifications of this position include a minimum of 5 years  of sales experience and an additional minimum of 2 years experience with a  trading company is preferred. The successful candidate will have a strong  understanding of U.S. Coal, Transportation and Electric Utility industries,  including coal tolling, marketing and origination functions used in support of  coal trading operations. Solid experience in finding ways to capitalize on  opportunities in the coal and transportation business is a must. A  background which includes Senior-level contract negotiations is  required. We are asking for recommendations from coal trading  executives within the energy  industry. Would you take  a moment to consider colleagues whose experience fits DTE's  profile and who you would deem as a high caliber candidate for the  position. I appreciate any help you may provide and look forward to  hearing from you. I can be reached at (801)531-6500 or via e-mail jwhittaker@stmassociates.com . Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  STM - Sales Director Referrals 
Email : Kim: I have completed the invoices for April, May and June and we owe Pasadena each month for a total of $3,615,910.62. I am waiting to hear back from Patti on May and June to make sure they are okay with her. Do you want me to pay Pasadena on Friday for these months or do you want me to hold off until I finish July and August? Again, I do not have all of the information for July and August, so I cannot give you any numbers. If I go by what is currently in the system as a guide, Pasadena would owe Enron a little over $1 mil. I need to forecast the money today, so please let me know what you would like to do. FYI-I will be out of the office all next week. Megan   <Sep> Subject :  City of Pasadena 
Email : Hi Kim,  Just wanted to say, well I don't really know what to say. For what its worth, you guys are the sharpest group of traders and one of the most innovative companies I have ever dealt with. You'll find a way through this. If you need to reschedule our meeting Tuesday evening I completely understand. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Meeting 
Email : Kim,  I represent a firm which has specialized in energy and power market placement for over ten years. I'm currently working with several organizations across the country looking for energy traders, originators, coordinators, analysts and schedulers. These are great opportunities to change location or better ones position quickly. I'd like to schedule a ten minute telephone conversation to discuss these positions and determine whether or not you may have interest or may be able to assist with these openings. Please reply or call me at 630-990-7510 at your earliest convenience. I look forward to speaking with you soon. Best Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Energy Opportunities 
Email : Citizens is initiating the process to terminate our agreement. They will likely recall the capacity on TW and terminate our agency relationships with EP and TW. They want to know if we are continuing to deliver gas. Can you call Sean and tell him? C   <Sep> Subject :  Citizens 
Email : Folks,   Had an idea to get together this weekend at the casa and maybe watch a little football, shoot some pool, drink some wine (or beer), and 'whine' about Enron. Who knows when we'll all get together again, so anyone up for a Sat night down South of town? Let's hear some interest out there! Brad   <Sep> Subject :  Enron Whine and wine party 
Email : Is this the correct email address?? How are ya? Good seeing you on Thanksgiving  at John's. I am very sorry to hear about your company's troubles and your  romantic situation. Life piles on sometimes!! Chin up!! Hope to see you during the  holidays! Bye! !   <Sep> Subject :  Saturday 
Email : I'm still holding on by a thin thread here in Portland, but I wanted to send you my vitals as I'm experiencing advanced symptoms of the travel bug. Needless to say, you're one of the major reasons I have no regrets about having worked at Enron. Definitely stay in touch. Elliot   <Sep> Subject :  Stay in Touch 
Email : Exelon Energy, our gas marketer, has terminated their gas contract with Holtermann Farms effective the end of the December 2001 billing period. Southern California Gas Company provides transportation to our non-core account. Holtermann Farms has two irrigation wells that have the heaviest natural gas consumption during the summer months. If your company would be interested in being our gas marketer, please contact me at tholtermann@hotmail.com. Thank You   <Sep> Subject :  Natural Gas Contract 
Email : Attached is a memo outlining my concerns in ENA entering into the above-referenced agreement. I will forward to you a hard copy of the Water Code that I reference in my memo. Please do not forward this memo to CDWR or their consultant. I can prepare a version suitable for distribution to CDWR if you would like. Stacy   <Sep> Subject :  CDWR Draft GISB Agreement 
Email : Hi Kim,  I just got word through Coral that Enron Canada has defaulted on the delivery of our APEA gas. I'm sure you're going through a lot of these but I need some details and contact names to get this resolved. Please give me a call ASAP. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Default 
Email : Kim, John Cogan and  I had called asking for copies of three transaction agreements. I had not  seen those yet so I wanted to send an e-mail clarifying which dates we are  looking for. Could you please fax copies of the transaction agreements  dated: 3/11/99, 11/28/00 & 6/1/01 to me at fax number 520-779-5338. Thanks very much for your help with this. Eileen Hamlin Procurement Analyst   <Sep> Subject :  Transaction Agreements 
Email : Sherry and Johnny Bains have put together a great package for the 31st at the Tribute. Time will be from 8:30 until 1:30 am. Package details:  Valet service 2 blackjack tables manned by trained Vegas dealers Special midnight countdown with champagne toast Open Bar!!! Two for 1 golf coupon at the Tribute (cost normally around 100 on weekends) Menu to include (served between 9- 11:15 pm) Shrimp and Oysters with Caviar; Smoked Salmon, Smoked whitefish; fresh asparagus;                          Spicy beef mini sandwiches; goat cheese with crackers; chef carved NY strip lion; filet of salmon with saffron risotto;                           Supreme of chicken and sun dried tomato-cream sauce; basil mashed potatoes and more. Midnight Buffet will include black-eyed peas, mustard greens, corn bread, & assorted French pastries. Other items will be a DJ and his cost will be divided up later (maybe around 5 bucks)   <Sep> Subject :  New Years Eve Party 
Email : Kim:     If you're still there, I'm checking on prices for United Cogen's 38 month strip at the PG&E citygate, running from June'03 through August '06. Hope things are getting better there. Thanks a lot.   <Sep> Subject :  38 month Gas Supply at PG&E Citygate 
Email : Kim - great catching up with you today. As promised, I have attached my resume'. Robin and I are very interested in relocating to the Denver area. My experience over the last few years has been in creating Mid Market origination channels for retail commercial and industrial customers. Thanks for forwarding my resume' on to your contacts in the western US area. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Opportunities 
Email : Hi Girls,  I just wanted to say thank you for the flowers. They were beautiful and still in great shape when I left on Tuesday. They were peach and yellow roses with red eucalyptus berries, baby's breath, and greenery. The bow was strands of yellow and brown raffia. Don't know how ya'll knew, but peach is my favorite color rose and yellow is my second favorite. I really appreciate it. My mother and my sister said to tell ya'll that was the prettiest bouquet we received, and it was. We had it on a table at the funeral home with various pictures and other mementos of my daddy's life. I left them on my mother's coffee table so she could enjoy them. She commented on them each day, so I know they have given her much pleasure. Thanks again and love to all of you. I'm looking forward to fun, sun,   <Sep> Subject :  THANK YOU 
Email : Hey....I am sad...we will not come home until Christmas Day. Will you back after that? I would love to spend some time with you! How is Houston? I know you liked it there before but had grown to love the west. Are you looking anywhere special for a job?...like Memphis? Have you heard from any one who worked in the World Trade Center? Of course, I thought immediately of visiting your workplace there. It was unbelievably horrible! Talk to you soon....I am so glad we are e-mailing! Love ya,   <Sep> Subject :  Hey Kim! 
Email : Kim,  Stewart and I met with Tom Lee (tomlee@ncpa.com; 916.761.4220) of NCPA yesterday. NCPA is looking to restructure a power deal with Calpine and a gas basis deal with Pan Canadian. The following summarizes the gas transaction and the re-structuring as proposed by Tom. Current Gas Structure  Term:    January 1, 2002 - December 31, 2002 Quantity: 5,000 MMBtu/d Delivery Pt. : PG&E City-Gate Price:  NYMEX + $3.37/MMBtu  Re-Structuring Option 1  Extend the term through 2004. What is the blended basis? Re-Structuring Option 2  (Kim, please note that the following structure is Tom Lee's creation). ENA assumes NCPA's position for Q2 2002 only (April-June):  5,000 MMBtu/d @ PG&E City-Gate @ NYMEX + $3.37/MMBtu. ENA buys 3 puts from NCPA involving 5,000 MMBtu/d @ PG&E City-Gate over a 3 year term ending 2004:  a)  Exercisable on Dec 15, 2001, ENA has the option to put 5,000 MMBtu/d to NCPA in Q1, Q3 and/or Q4 of 2002. b)  Exercisable on Dec 15, 2002, ENA has the option to put 5,000 MMBtu/d to NCPA in Q1, Q2, Q3 and/or Q4 of 2003. c)  Exercisable on Dec 15, 2003, ENA has the option to put 5,000 MMBtu/d to NCPA in Q1, Q2, Q3 and/or Q4 of 2004. What is the strike price? Re-Structuring Option 3  (Kim, this is my idea. That is, I think this makes more sense than Tom's). ENA assumes NCPA's position for Q2 2002 only (April-June):  5,000 MMBtu/d @ PG&E City-Gate @ NYMEX + $3.37/MMBtu. ENA sells NCPA 5,000 MMBtu/d of gas at PG&E City-gate for calendar years 2002 through 2004 except for Q2 2002. Given that we are absorbing the $3.37/MMBtu basis for Q2 2002, what is the all-in fixed price for this sale? Tom is looking for an answer ASAP. Is the above confusing enough? Call me if we need to talk about this. Laird   <Sep> Subject :  NCPA Gas Restructuring 
Email : Kim this is the job announcement for the position in my area, there is a little more room on the up side and this does not included our incentive. If anyone is interested have them get in touch with me at 602 236-4521. Thanks Kim   <Sep> Subject :  Open position at SRP 
Email : Happy Holidays  All,   I am just wanting to notify you all that  I have a new personal email address(other than what you may have loaded in your  address book):  wgwlonestar@aol.com    Please begin to use this email address to  communicate with me. I did not get to send out Holiday/Christmas  cards this year to everyone, so please accept this as my Holidays/Christmas and  New Years Greetings. May you all enjoy yourselves these next couple of  weeks. Best Wishes and Seasons  Greetings,   <Sep> Subject :  New Personal Email Address for Bill Wagner:  wgwlonestar@aol.com 
Email : The hotel we are staying at is the Palm Court Hotel in St Martin-on Orient Beach. Phone number is 590-87 41 94. Web site (if you want to check it out tomorrow!) is palm-court.net...The rooms have refridgerators, and I think breakfast is complimentary. If you need any other info, let me know..  Stacey/Susie-just tell the cab driver you are going to Orient Beach and once you get there the hotel is on Bikini Beach.   <Sep> Subject :  Hotel info in St Martin 
Email : Kim,  Sorry that I have not called in a while. I have been busy and with all the distractions at Enron, I did not want to bother you. I hope you are coping through the mess and hope that you also had a good Xmas and New Year. I am in Houston next week (arriving the 7th) and would like to see you. If you are available, I'd be happy to buy lunch or dinner. Please let me know. Take care,  Laird   <Sep> Subject :  Hi 
Email : Hi Kim, I was just thinking about you. If I'm remembering correctly, you have a birthday sometime this month, is that right? Let me wish you a happy birthday (late or early)! Hope everything is going well for you. Maria, Janice, Sonya, and Sylvia still talk about how nice you are and what a great person you were to work with. I've tried to tell them how mean you are, but they just will not believe me. If this note goes through to you, write back and I'll forward your reply on to those Day Ahead ladies, they would get a kick out of hearing from you. By the way, Maria wants to know how old you are? :o) Happy B-day Kim!   <Sep> Subject :  You... 
Email : Hello,  In an effort to keep this report as timely and as accurate as possible, please report any errors / inaccuracies to me as soon as possible. The path to the report is:   O:/_Dropbox/West New Gen. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  New Gen Report 
Email : $7,000,000,000 waiting to be claimed, Click Here! Entitled  to claim any of the $7,000,000.00 Read below to find out! De= ar  Sir or Madam  Foundmoney.com brings you an incredibly exciting program.= There is  $7,000,000,000.00 (SEVEN BILLION DOLLARS!) in unclaimed moneys  f= rom bank accounts, wills, insurance settlements, over paid tax  bills and e= states. Three out of five American families are owed  money in some form. S= ince inception in 1995, Foundmoney.com has  helped hundreds of thousands of=  people find millions of dollars  on the internet. Click Here  to claim y= ours! Click here  or on the link  below to find out in seconds... if = you or anyone you know is entitled  to claim any of the $7 BILLION that's o= wed to millions on  Americans... The SEARCH IS FREE, and you have everythin= g  to gain, and nothing to lose... This is the amazing website that  was fe= atured on "The Oprah Winfrey Show"... Click here   now to see if you can cl= aim any of the $7,000,000,000.00! Sincerely,  Payment Transfer Systems Dis= bursement Unit Entitled  to claim any of the $7,000,000.00? Click  Here to = claim yours! =09 =09   <Sep> Subject :  Start Off The New Year By Finding Your Lost Money 
Email : ORDER NOW! WAS  $19.96! NOW ONLY  $6.96! Great high quality  laser pen that shines over 3500 feet with a bright red beam, great for:      Pets Kids Teachers Students Presentations Business meetings    And many more! ORDER NOW!   <Sep> Subject :  Worlds BEST and CHEAPEST laser pointer 3500 feet! 
Email : I will give you a copy of Ann's sheet. You can look at my spreadsheet and make sure I included everything and see what you think. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Palo Alto Invoice--Sept 01 #3.xls 
Email : Hi Kim,  Honestly it is no problem  ? (I'm just so jealous as you have far more interesting mail than I do !!! ha ha)  Have a good day. Cheers Bye, Kim   <Sep> Subject :  E- Mails 
Email : Dave the following are PNM's Wholesale Power Marketing's comments:  1)  Please spell out "Public Service Company of New Mexico Wholesale Power Marketing       throughout the Enfolio. 2)  Section 2.3 should also include your customer's recording equipment and tape as well. 3)  Section 4.1 (iv) ...apply to any "Party" ... should be capitalized. 4)  Section 4.1 "last sentence"  ...Notify Party or "its" Affiliates....  5)  Section 4.4, please include the following sentence at the end:  Provided, however, that it is not the purpose of this Section 4.4 to provide for or to permit the  setoff of obligations by ENRON against Counterparty for obligations of the PNM Gas Services  under contracts between ENRON and the PNM Gas Services or against the PNM Gas Services  for the obligations of the Counterparty under this Master Agreement. 6)  Section 6.2 A. first sentence "....and (iii) such New Tax is due ..." remove comma (,)  7)  Section 8.3 & 8.5, Appendix 1: Arbitration, Disputes, Procedures and Award , Texas Law       is being used. Our proposal is a neutral state such as New York.   <Sep> Subject :  PNM Wholesale Power Marketing comments on the Enfolio 
Email : Good morning Kim ! ! ! I just wanted to send you a note to say "Hi"... I hope you are doing great. I am on the 37th floor, working with Global contracts (retail) ....  Maybe we can meet for lunch one day. Have a good one!!! Elizabeth   <Sep> Subject :  Hello!!!! 
Email : Kim why don't you come in early (that Thurs. night Friday) I  am usually better at getting out of work early at the end of the week! Let  me know if that works! Looking forward to it! Hope you are doing well! MJ   PS - The wine tasting was fun but more work than I expected  :)   <Sep> Subject :  SFO 
Email : We need to protect the flows to Citizens on TW. I know you guys have been working on this, but Citizens continues to receive cuts. Please secure the supply off of TW. Let Sempra know that IB Link gas will not do. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Citizens flows on TW 
Email : Kim - Attached is a workbook with tabs reflecting the August 2001 Palo Alto calculation, Enron calculation and the manual invoice we sent to Palo Alto. I will fax you the Enron Unify invoice and supply verification. We met with Anne Bike to go over the deals and the Palo Alto calculation prior to forwarding the manual invoice. We are now in the process of trying to get the deal correct in Sitara and Unity. Please review and let me know when you are ready to discuss and how you want to go forward.   <Sep> Subject :  Palo Alto Invoice 
Email : As I have discussed with you, Citizens is concerned about the frequency of upstream supply issues that have resulted in the recent cuts in the deliveries to the Griffith power plant. Based on the information I have received, the reasons for these cuts have not risen to the level of Force Majeure, which as you know is the only event that would excuse performance under our contract for firm delivery of gas. Citizens therefore requests that Enron respond to Citizens in writing with a descriptions of the steps Enron is taking to insure that there is not a continuation of these contract performance issues into the future. Your prompt attention to this matter is appreciated.   <Sep> Subject :  Griffith Sales 
Email : Jim:  Here is a term sheet for gas supply. Prices are up quite a bit today. The fixed price is about $3.30/MMBtu. Recognize that it is very volatile right now, however, and prices could be back down tomorrow. I am still working with EES to se if they want to submit an offer. C   <Sep> Subject :  Wholesale Gas Proposal 
Email : Kim, Russel Diamond is going to provide to you a complete overview of deals, power and gas, and MTM positions, plus contractual status. You should get a copy of the master documents. ( this will include credit covenants). Also, can I have a summary of LADWP, how they operate, how they are paid.... Russel will have this to you by tommorow. Pls have the consolidated package for me prior to my departure at 1:30 to Las Vegas. BT   <Sep> Subject :  LADWP 
Email : Kim,  The FedEx package of contracts is going out tonight. I've included:  Clarke County gas purchase agreement with APEA SMUD gas purchase agreement with APEA Enron gas supply agreement with APEA  I told Roger Mock that once we confirmed that the delivery point with SMUD and ensured that we were comfortable moving it, we'd let him know. I also wanted to make sure that from the West Gas Desk's perspective, if we change the delivery point but leave quantity and term alone there would be no price differential to APEA? Just keep me posted.   <Sep> Subject :  APEA Contracts 
Email : Stacy -  With respect to Item 6 of Frito-Lay's Special Provisions, I propose that we modify that paragraph to read more like our ENFOLIO. My suggestion is that we replace Frito-Lay's Item 6 with the attached. Please review and contact Kim Ward as soon as possible with language acceptable to Legal. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Frito-Lay language - change to Item 6 of Special Provisions 
Email : In order to comply with FERC regulations regarding title to natural gas, Enron proposes to sell natural gas to Frito Lay at the Permian supply basin and act as agent to manage Frito Lay's TWPL transportation agreements. The agency agreement would authorize Enron to act on Frito Lay's behalf to optimize the use of the transportation agreements. Enron's Interstate Transportation Management Fee   Enron shall be paid the greater of a flat fee of $.00/mmbtu for all quantities delivered to the California border and consumed in Frito Lay's facilities or a percentage of   incremental value realized as a result of optimization the  TWPL transportation agreements. To the extent Enron can increase Frito Lay's profitablity by implementing alternative supply and transportation strategies, Enron proposes to retain ___% of any incremental value realized on the TWPL transportation agreements.   <Sep> Subject :  Frito Lay 
Email : Laura Vuittonet just spoke to you regarding this presentation. We would like 14 copies of the attached, bound, with transparent cover, and cardboard back - all by 3p. Co/RC# is 0413/107318. If you have any questions please contact me. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  10-10-01 Presentation.ppt 
Email : Hi,    Just wanted to get an update from you on the Citizens info I asked you about last week. I am wondering about the payment to John Cogan for Aug production and the EAMR payment due. Did you talk to Sarabeth about that? Thanks   <Sep> Subject :  Citizens 
Email : Kim- Here is the August spreadsheet. These are the changes I've made so far:  I changed the formula in column R I added in the new contracts for August  The differences between my model and the invoice are the way that they calculate the actual gas flow to Malin (column L on mine and column Z on theirs);  It also appears that they do not include the Redwood credit. Looking at my model now, I also don't remember what the calculation in column D is for. It seems kind of unnecessary to me and doesn't make much sense. I know this is a lot of stuff to look at. If you don't understand what I just wrote, ask me and I'll explain what I'm trying to say. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Palo Alto Invoice--Aug 01.xls 
Email : Debra -  Please prepare a Master Firm draft per the attached. Send electronic copy to Kim Ward for futher handling to counterparty; please copy me as well. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Imperial Irrigation District 
Email : Kim, Kelli and Jeff -  I have taken a look at the Northern California Power Agency deal, and it looks pretty good from a credit standpoint. We currently have some exposure to NCPA on the power side, but it rolls off by the end of the year, so I think that we can still get this deal done. Some outstanding issues:  1. We MUST have a Master Firm in place with NCPA to transact on this deal. I can begin working on this, but I need to get NCPA's latest financial results to determine an appropriate collateral threshold for NCPA. This shouldn't be a huge hurdle. 2. We need to ask Jeff Hodge for his opinion with respect to NCPA transacting a deal of this tenor. There are sometimes tenor limits placed on municipal entities to limit the term under which they are authorized to transact. Jeff:  How do we research this issue? NCPA has provided us a brief statement that indicates that "NCPA will work expeditiously to execute a definitive contract and has all the necessary approval authorities", but my feeling is that we need something a little more substantial than that. 3. Kelli:  Have you spoken with Global Finance to price the embedded loan in this deal? 4. Kim:  I don't think a credit reserve will be needed on this deal. 5. Kim:  From the document that NCPA sent out, it appears that your Monday bid is preliminary and conditional. We need to make sure that NCPA understands our requirements with respect to executing a Master. Can your contact at NCPA help me get a copy of their latest financials so we can expedite that process? 6. Kim:  ONE VERY IMPORTANT NOTE:  NCPA's credit ratings have remained solid throughout the California power crisis, for a number of reasons. As such, I am pretty comfortable moving forward with this deal, given the above requirements. However, if their financial results indicate some problems, we may need to include some stringent credit requirements in the Master. I'm pretty sure that their results will look good, but this is a contingency to bear in mind as your prepare your bid. Please give me a call with any questions. Thanks,   JRW   <Sep> Subject :  NCPA 
Email : As a reminder, our TW capacity release deal with Citizens expires at the end of the month. We need to do a new capacity release deal to obtain it again through 10/2003. It is my understanding that Craig Ludtke will be posting it or has already done so. Please make sure you communicate with Craig so this happens. Otherwise, we will have problems on the 1st. C  Chris Foster chris.h.foster@enron.com (W) 503/464-3822 (Cell) 503/702-8568   <Sep> Subject :  Citizens Capacity Release 
Email : Kim:          I'm checking into a  PG&E citygate basis differential for the 4-months Dec.thru March off the  NYMEX for United Cogen in San Franscisco. Right now, the 4-month  strip is about $3.03/dth. Whoops, make that $3.26/dth. Also, I'm checking  into a price for a 38 months firm gas supply at the Citygate to run from  6/1/03-7/31/06. The volume would be in the 5,000-5,500 dth/day  range. Everything at United was put on hold following the 9/11  disaster. If you have any  questions, give me a call. Is now a good time to buy Enron stock? Hope you're all doing well.   <Sep> Subject :  Winter strip and 38 month Gas Supply at PG&E Citygate 
Email : Dear Potential Gas Supplier  As some of you may know our authority to buy gas off our existing spot agreement will come to an end on December 31, 2001. While we will honor current commitments for gas to be delivered after that date, but we will not be able to use the spot agreement to buy any more gas. The reason that this is happening is that our City Attorney has interpreted the new City Charter as not allowing delegations of authority such as employed in the way we buy gas now. We are seeking approval for an ordinance which must be approved by the City Council that will restore our former ability to buy gas with the kind of agreement most gas suppliers are familiar. We have the ordinance approved by the City Attorney and it will shortly be in the pipeline for approval by our Board and the City Council, but until then, this contract is a stop gap to keep us operating. I've attached the new contract and a cover letter which explains what we are doing. The deadline is November 8, 2001 at 4:00 PM. We will take the executed contracts to our Board with the counterparties listed on a Board Resolution and, if it is approved, we will be allowed to buy gas from this group after the new year begins. This is not the ideal contract but one we feel our Board will be comfortable with until we can get around the Charter problem. I can't make any changes to this contract. There is a notice published in the LA Times about the availability of the contract but I am sending it to you directly as someone we have already done business with (and undoubtedly have satisfied all our boilerplate requirements) and will probably be interested in what we are trying to do here. I Hope most of you will respond. Thanks  (See attached file: Spot Gas Cover Letter.doc)(See attached file: New Spot Gas Contract.doc)   - Spot Gas Cover Letter.doc   - New Spot Gas Contract.doc   <Sep> Subject :  LADWP Gas Contract 
Email : Dear Potential Gas Supplier  As some of you may know our authority to buy gas off our existing spot agreement will come to an end on December 31, 2001. While we will honor current commitments for gas to be delivered after that date, but we will not be able to use the spot agreement to buy any more gas. The reason that this is happening is that our City Attorney has interpreted the new City Charter as not allowing delegations of authority such as employed in the way we buy gas now. We are seeking approval for an ordinance which must be approved by the City Council that will restore our former ability to buy gas with the kind of agreement most gas suppliers are familiar. We have the ordinance approved by the City Attorney and it will shortly be in the pipeline for approval by our Board and the City Council, but until then, this contract is a stop gap to keep us operating. I've attached the new contract and a cover letter which explains what we are doing. The deadline is November 8, 2001 at 4:00 PM. We will take the executed contracts to our Board with the counterparties listed on a Board Resolution and, if it is approved, we will be allowed to buy gas from this group after the new year begins. This is not the ideal contract but one we feel our Board will be comfortable with until we can get around the Charter problem. I can't make any changes to this contract. There is a notice published in the LA Times about the availability of the contract but I am sending it to you directly as someone we have already done business with (and undoubtedly have satisfied all our boilerplate requirements) and will probably be interested in what we are trying to do here. I Hope most of you will respond. Thanks  (See attached file: Spot Gas Cover Letter.doc)(See attached file: New Spot Gas Contract.doc)   - Spot Gas Cover Letter.doc   - New Spot Gas Contract.doc   <Sep> Subject :  LADWP Gas Contract 
Email : Enron hopes that you and your family have begun to recover from the effects of Tropical Storm Allison, and that you were able to utilize the financial assistance provided in June to aid you with your flood relief efforts. In order to accurately track and document the funds distributed, we are asking for all documentation demonstrating how the funds were spent. By Wednesday, August 15, 2001, please send all copies of your documentation via interoffice mail to Laura Herrera, Community Relations (EB 1635B) or via U.S. mail to:   Enron  Community Relations (EB 1635B)  1400 Smith Street  Houston, Texas 77002-7361  If you have any questions, please contact Misha Siegel via email. Below is an example list of acceptable documentation. Acceptable forms of documentation: o Receipts for all repairs   o Pictures or a videotape of your damage o Written inventory of your losses o Proof of loss filed with insurance company, if applicable o Temporary housing receipts (e.g. hotels, motels, etc.) o Receipts for replacement of damaged goods (e.g. furnishings, clothing, bedding, floor coverings) o Insurance appraisals and/or damage repair estimates o Other documentation you deem appropriate   <Sep> Subject :  Flood Relief 
Email : Kim, hope all is well. Just wanted to touch base with you to see how things are developing with the quality conference. You mentioned while we were visiting that you and Martha were thinking about speaking at a conference in Chicago. We would like to attend if that is still on. Chris, Craig and I have just finished giving the majority of our initial presentations to Mayo's various leadership committees. We have received very favorable responses, so it appears that we will be moving forward. Now the real work begins. Chris and I are about to begin conducting our internal site visits and were hoping that we could get a copy of the template you used when you conducted your business sector gap analysis. Again, we cannot thank you enough for all your guidance and help. We would not be where we are today without your support. Have a great holiday weekend.   <Sep> Subject :  Moving Forward with RM 
Email : Dear KIMBERLY,   Congratulations! You have been successfully enrolled in the course 'Becoming an Exceptional Leader: a manager's level training'. Course details are provided below:   Course Type     : Instructor Led Course Course Code     : MGRTRNG   Session Code    : 103101 Starting Date   : Oct 31, 2001 8:00 AM Ending Date     : Nov 2, 2001 5:00 PM   Number of Units : 24 Price           : $2,100.00   Location        : Doubletree Hotel                                      Dallas St.                   Houston, TX                    Meetings        :       Start Time:  Oct 31, 2001 8:00 AM         End Time:  Oct 31, 2001 5:00 PM      No instructors or rooms have been assigned to this meeting. Start Time:  Nov 1, 2001 8:00 AM         End Time:  Nov 1, 2001 5:00 PM      No instructors or rooms have been assigned to this meeting. Start Time:  Nov 2, 2001 8:00 AM         End Time:  Nov 2, 2001 5:00 PM      No instructors or rooms have been assigned to this meeting. You will receive a reminder before the session starts. Thank you.   <Sep> Subject :  You are enrolled. 
Email : I spoke with Earl regarding the cost differences indicated for the Calpine -Topock interconnect. The project files were discarded when the E&C Group moved to 3 Allen Center due to lack of storage capacity. But Earl recalled that Jim Tucker said that the scope change was done at the request of Marketing which explains the two work order forms that you have. E&C does not initiate project scope changes unless directed.   <Sep> Subject :  Calpine Cost Estimates 
Email : Dear KIMBERLY,   Your user account has been activated in the Learning Management System. You may log in to the system by using your email address and date of birth as your login ID/password. Thank you.   <Sep> Subject :  User account activated 
Email : Here is the password to get into the TW Deal Profitability/Analysis Tools: I.D. : kchow, password: kctw1. Please forward this to all appropriate personnel. If you would like me to demo this with you please give me a call 5-3413. Thanks   <Sep> Subject :  Password for access to TW Deal Profitability/Analysis 
Email : TK Dennis has asked me to follow up on this project. Please send me an e-mail explaining the project in terms of the location of this gas, Sid's operating pressure& volume conditions. Is this going to be a receipt or delivery at TW's system?. Are you requesting for a scope and cost estimate to tie this gas to TW ? Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  TW/ Sid Richardson potential project 
Email : Kim:  As requested, I called on the phone for trip. Unfortunately both phones are being utilized during that time. I learned that you can purchase a chip to interchange in your current phone at Cingular. Please call Corporate Care to complete at 713-623-6722. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  European phone 
Email : Michelle/Kimberly, I was looking at the economics for Park-N-Rides (on the TW Mainline Leg) thought you might be interested in this: According to Gary Choquette, it costs us in fuel 1420 Mscf/d for storage of 42,502 Mscf of gas. Assuming a BTU factor of 1.00 and at a gas cost of $3.00 per MMBTU--fuel costs amount to $4260/day. Adding O&M to this (assuming 1/3 fuel cost), the total cost of this storage to us is ~13 cents.   <Sep> Subject :  Park-N-Ride Economics 
Email : In anticipation of a potential directive resulting from the Negotiated Rate Filing Order, attached is a draft of tariff language defining our capacity posting procedures as well as bid evaluation methodology for Unsubscribed capacity. This section is part of the General Terms and Conditions and applicable to FTS-1, FTS-3 and EFBH. Please provide your comments to me EOB Monday, September 24. Attached is a draft of Tariff language Mary Darveaux Rates & Tariff ETS  Enron mary.darveaux@enron.com   <Sep> Subject :  Transwestern's Unsubscribed Capacity Tariff Language 
Email : Kim, The info I have on the ferry is this: It is not much more expensive to have a deluxe cabin. Since one never knows about Italian accomodations, I would go with it. It is the old ferry boat that goes this route on Oct 7. Departs at 20.45 (8:45pm) and arrives at 06.30 (6:30am) on the 8th. The deluxe cabin is 105,000 ITL each (approx 50.00 USD). It is not clear. but it seems that the reservations fee is 94,000 ITL (about 45.00 USD)  While the cabin rate is per person, the res fee is per cabin, I believe. The regular cabin is 47.00 each  and 42.00 res. The car rate is 56.00 and res fee is 53.00. Now, I am guessing on this, as their is no clear explanation. It could be that there is a discount if you make a res ahead of time, i.e. 42.00 for prior res and 47.00 if you show up at departure time. Same as passenger/cabin fee. It may mean 45.00 with prior res or 50.00 if you show up. I'll let you know when I receive an answer. It may be next week as I just e-mailed the request this morning. Regards, Dee   <Sep> Subject :  Ferry 
Email : Vince,  According to the attached schedule, we should begin allocating costs in July to the ETS Revenue Management group for Capital Project Work. In addition, no allocations have been made in 2001 to Dan McCarty's group. Have any agreements been reached as to the amount of these allocations and where they will be charged? Also, no allocations have been made for John Goodpasture's group, pending the creation of a new cost center. Kim, can you tell me where this should be charged yet? Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Allocations to ETS 
Email : FYI - In working to load rates for the FERC California reporting requirements, it appears that for the last four months Duke Energy T & M contract #27291 has not been billed the incremental fee of $0.06/dth for alternate deliveries to the Cal Border (over and above the base discount negotiated for the contracted primary points). Please let me know if you have any questions. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  K #27291 - Invoices not capturing incremental fees for alternate  points 
Email : Attached is the Transwestern Capacity Release Report that lists all capacity release transactions for the period effective 8/1/2001 - 12/31/2002. Please be advised that PG&E (Core) entered into a nonbiddable release with BP Energy Company for August 2001 in excess of the max tariff rate. The terms were as follows:    Release Period:  8/1/01 - 8/31/01  MDQ:   25,000 dth/day  Reservation Rate: $1.1300/dth (fixed rate)  Primary Pts:  Bloomfield Compressor to Thoreau (San Juan Lateral) and      Thoreau to PG&E Topock  Feel free to contact me if you have any questions. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Transwestern Capacity Release Report for the period 8/1/2001 -  12/31/2002 
Email : Dear All,     This is Youyi from Hong Kong who misses all of you. I am sorry for not contacting you earlier because of loss of your contacts. Everything is fine to me in Hong Kong now except for a big shock for the terror attack on WTC and Pentagon. If you find out a chance of visiting Hong Kong, please give me a call at (852)2609-8242 (O) or (852)2994-3485 (H). I will be very happy to have a gathering with you. Cheers,   <Sep> Subject :  I miss all of you 
Email : REMINDER!!!! Time is running out... Please reminder your direct reports by forwarding this email:  * The Forum Corporation must receive the completed questionnairs for scoring no later than October 24th. Please allow 2 weeks for the questionnairea to travel through the postal system. This means that the questionnaire must be in the mail by October 10th to arrive on time. Attendees: if you have not turned in your feedback of yourself, the above applies to you too. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Manager's Training Update: Feedback Forms 
Email : Planning has met with ENA on Tuesday and responded to the questions from ENA. Let's four of us have a meeting in my office sometime next week and follow-up on this project. What day/ time would be good for you? Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  TW/NNG & Sid Richardson 
Email : FERC Proposes New Rules On Energy Co Affiliate Dealings 09/26/2001=20 Dow Jones Energy Service=20  FERC Grants PD for Tuscarora Lateral, Approves Northern Abandonment=20 NGI's Daily Gas Price Index=20 published : September 27, 2001  TRANSWESTERN TOUTS SUCCESS OF OPEN SEASON FOR SUN DEVIL PIPELINE 09/13/2001=20 Foster Natural Gas Report=20  FERC Proposes Rulemaking, Plans Meetings=20 NGI's Daily Gas Price Index=20 published : September 27, 2001  Proposed Rule Extends Marketing Affiliate Regulations to All Affiliates=20 NGI's Daily Gas Price Index=20 published : September 27, 2001  Govt keen to solve Enron crisis 09/27/2001 The Statesman Fin. Times Info Ltd-Asia Africa Intel Wire.=20  US Physical Natural Gas Prices Fall; Light Demand Seen 09/26/2001=20 Dow Jones Energy Service=20  Transwestern Pipeline. 09/17/2001=20 The Oil and Gas Journal=20  National Post Business Magazine=20 Deconstruct=20 Passing Gas: How dancing elephants and smart pigs help heat your home Larraine Andrews 10/01/2001=20 National Post=20  Heating Bills This Winter to Ease Sharply Utilities: Lower natural gas pric= es are reducing costs for Californians, but reliance on imports could be a = problem in the long run, studies say. NANCY RIVERA BROOKS 09/27/2001=20 Los Angeles Times=20  USA: FERC OKs Tuscarora natgas pipeline for Nev, Calif. 09/26/2001=20 Reuters English News Service=20   <Sep> Subject :  EGS & Industry Mentions 
Email : The Commission meeting yesterday, chaired by Pat Wood, consisted of discussions on FERC's:  Administrative Issues ? Strategic and 2002 Business Plan Priorities for the strategic plan for 2001 through 2005 were outlined yesterday and include a) promoting secure, high-quality environmentally responsible energy infrastructure with consistent policies; b) encouraging competitive markets in lieu of traditional regulation; c) protection of markets/customers through fair market oversight; and d) efficiently running FERC. In reaching these goals, FERC intends several initiatives such as removing impediments to market investment, encouraging use of new technology; continuing to advance competitive markets; addressing landowner, safety and environmental concerns and striving for clarity not only in specific areas such as cost recovery but also in communications to stakeholders. Shortly, Staff will be recommending a twelve-month plan as part of the overall strategic plan. ? Infrastructure Adequacy There will be a series of open commission meetings held throughout the U.S. beginning in November in the West; in December or early spring a meeting will be held in the northeast and later in 2002 for the Midwest and south. The intent is to reach out to the states for greater cohesion. ? California Infrastructure Update Staff concluded that the California natural gas market for take-away capacity was insufficient to accept delivery of all interstate capacity. The California Energy Commission released a report on September 24 that agrees that more expansion in California is needed. Constraint Study FERC will complete a constraint study with associated costs that should be completed by November 7, 2001. Staff cited constraints in central New York state and California. Massey asked if the study was to provide solutions or recommendations. It is a study to identify the constrained areas and the resulting costs to consumers. RTO FERC is imposing additional "incentives" to encourage the formation or joining in RTOs. The Midwest, Northeast and Southeast RTOs will be considered at a FERC meeting in October. There will be a series of meetings in "RTO week" to focus on congestion management, cost recovery, marketing monitoring, transmission planning, reliability standards and transmission rights. A NOPR is expected to be issued on market design and structure. Marketing Affiliate NOPR, RM01-10 The Notice of Propose Rulemaking would apply one set of rules across both natural gas pipelines and electric utilities. Under the proposal, transmission providers must operate independently and treat all customers on a nondiscriminatory basis. The rules would be codified in a new section of the regulations and would broaden the definition of affiliate to include all "energy affiliates." The only exception noted in the discussion was the exclusion of Regional Transmission Organizations (RTOs) from the definition of energy affiliates. The Commission was presented two options to address the applicability of the rule to public utilities' native load merchant functions. Option A:  Status Quo - the rule would not apply to the bundled retail merchant function. Option B:  The rule applies to the bundled retail merchant function and would prohibit merchant employees from having access to the control room of the utility. After extensive discussion, the NOPR was approved 4-0 with additional language added on behalf of Commissioner Breathitt to state that Option B may not be included in the final rule and encourage comments by affected parties and the States. Massey questioned whether the NOPR is primarily focusing on broadening the definition of "energy" affiliate and whether there are any energy-type affiliates that would be exempt. Staff responded that the emphasis is on broadening the definition to include all "energy affiliates" and no energy-type marketing affiliates would be exempt, except RTO's. The proposed rule extents the current prohibition against disclosing certain information to all "energy affiliates". The rules do not directly govern energy affiliates, but they govern the disclosure of information and the separation of transmission employees, officers and directors from other businesses. Under the proposal, waivers may be requested, if operationally required or under emergency protocols particularly for small systems. Gas Pipeline Operational Flow FERC has tabled this item for the next public meeting on October 11.   <Sep> Subject :  Summary of Commission Meeting 
Email : Kim,  Thank you for your time on Wednesday. I enjoyed meeting you and appreciated the discussion regarding pipeline economics. I was thinking about the capacity you sold in 2003 on an Index to Index basis. On the attached diagram, the boxes colored black represent my understanding of your current position (you are locked-in to $1.00/MMBtu for the Calif. Border Index minus San Juan Index but exposed to San Juan Basin gas prices for the fuel required to deliver 20,000 MMBtu/d to the Calif. Border). You can easily lock-in your cost of fuel gas as shown by the swap colored in red. I believe that you did this capacity trade when gas prices were higher, therefore you could fix your fuel cost at today's lower prices and earn a higher margin on your capacity sale than originally expected.   <Sep> Subject :  Index to Index Capacity Charge 
Email : David or Paul   Finally able to get to site. Would you print out a copy for Jim Williams. Theses are the Latest Standards for measurement, give me a call if Questions. Thanks   <Sep> Subject :  Engineering Standards for Measurement 
Email : Attached is a Tentative Business Agenda for the TW Customer mtg. please give me feedback on any changes you would like for me to make. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Transwestern Customer Mtg. Agenda 
Email : Williams Launches uE Web Site For Cross Commodity Pricing  Tulsa-based Williams on Monday launched uE, a cross-commodity price index for both spot and future energy prices, as a companion to its web-based EnergyNewsLive.com. Similar to the Dow Jones for equity markets, the Williams uE will offer an equivalent benchmark for the overall price of energy, measuring the price average of eight individual commodities: electricity, natural gas, unleaded gasoline, heating oil, ethane, propane, residual fuel and jet fuel. The site includes information on pricing trends including a national spot uE, forward uE, regional uE, commodity quotes, as well as daily, weekly and monthly commentary. Included on the site is EnergyPulse, which will feature Dr. Dennis O'Brien, director of energy and policy at the University of Oklahoma. EnergyPulse now airs every Friday on Williams' EnergyNewsLive site, and offers an analysis of trends in energy pricing and the impact the economy has on energy. Williams uE was introduced a year ago when EnergyNewsLive debuted, and Williams said it has tested and refined the site for the company's own market activity. It also has been reviewed by the Energy Information Administration, said Williams. To view the site, visit www.williams-ue.com.   <Sep> Subject :  Add This to your Price Discovery Sites 
Email : I am assuming these were the last contracts. They are the last ones I was forwarded any how. None the less, my top two concerns Today:  I assume we are going to compare the predicted economics to the actual economics then look at alternatives to options in Sun Devil (Like a GE turbine)  I've got an idea of what we can do for the fuel portion of this deal if we do look at turbines. One of the issues dicussed in detail before we did this project with ECS was WHY is TW doing a deal with ECS versus a stand alone deal. If I remember correctly, the pitch to FERC was that TW did not have the expertise to facilitate a peak avoidance alone. Mary Kay Miller should remember these details...   <Sep> Subject :  Gallup Final Docs 
Email : Team:  Please find the attached presentation for your meeting today with respect to Waha assets and ongoing discussions with Sid Richardson. Our group is ready to provide any support/info you need with respect to assessing the value of this concept to Enron vs. other options. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Waha HubCo 
Email : Kimberly,  I'm sorry I missed the conference call regarding Gallup Power yesterday. I understand you have assigned one of your staff to review the Gallup power contract. I would like to work closely with that individual to make sure my power peak model matches the contract interpretation. I am not certain I've got the latest version of the contract. My copy is dated 7/17/2000. Gary Choquette   <Sep> Subject :  Gallup Power 
Email : Attached please find Gas Daily daily prices for April/Oct 2001 for the Permian and Waha areas. The differential looks good for a support of our $.04 offer. Please let me know if you want me to pull more pricing information. TK   <Sep> Subject :  Permian to Waha Differentials for Socal Discussions 
Email : When: Thursday, August 02, 2001 2:00 PM-3:00 PM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada). Where: EB47C2  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*  Please plan to attend this meeting to discuss the following open items and more for the TW Commercial 2002 Plan:  1. Index to Index Deals hedged 2. 2002 Fuel Prices 3. Change East Commodity volumes to 415/Day or 410/Day 4. Adjust fuel used for east deliveries 5. 2002 Resubscriptions 6. 2002 Capital requests  Palu   <Sep> Subject :  TW Commercial 2002 Plan 
Email : Kim, Per our conversation yesterday after the morning meeting, Sue and I would like to get together with you to go over Agave's plan for a future Park & Ride agreement. Would you let us know what time is good for you? Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Agave Plant 
Email : Maria Pavlou has graciously agreed to give the TW Commercial Group a brief review of the Global Settlement on Thursday, November 1 from 10 - 11:30 am in 49C2. Please mark your calendars if you are interested in attending. Lorraine   <Sep> Subject :  TW Global Settlement 
Email : I have created a very simple speadsheet for us to track the status of conversations, payback plans, etc. for the volumetric OBAs we are cancelling. It is located on the share drive under lindberg/obastatusrpt. Please update as necessary. Lorraine   <Sep> Subject :  OBA 
Email : REMINDER!!!! * Forum Corporation must receive the completed questionnaires for scoring no later than October 24th. If your direct reports plan on mailing it in, they must but it in the mail TODAY so it will arrive on time for scoring. (it takes 2 weeks to travel)  This also applies to your self evaluation feedback form. * Your direct reports can also FedEx the questionnaires after today up to 4 days before the class to the address on the envelope they received. * Please enforce your direct reports to fill them out and return them so that you can get an accurate report on the day of the class. Thanks. Any questions, please feel free to call me x3-1816. Maggie  P.S. Cancellations will be penalized at 100% cost.   <Sep> Subject :  Becoming an Exceptional Leader: manager's training UPDATE 
Email : Kim Monday I will be on vacation. I have listened to the message from Questar and it seems like that the Morongo Valley area ( with R.O.W issues) is a few miles away  from the SOCAL interconnect. The distance from Needles to SOCAL interconnect is approximately 90 miles. The horse power requirements to handle up to 100 mmcf/d from Needles to SOCAL is around 2,500 hp. Based on the above, and also assuming that SOCAL has the capacity to handle up to 100 mmcf/d at a pressure of 850 psig at this location, the conversion/ compression cost is as follows:   Conversion costs for 90 miles:   $9,000,000   Compression cost:               $6,000,000   Total costs    $15,000,000  Note: As we have discussed before this cost is based on EE&CC cost estimate of 1997 plus 5% escalation for each year. Mansoor   <Sep> Subject :  Questar 
Email : Below is a link to the Proposed Decision by  Com. Bilas on the Gas Industry Restructuring proceeding that has been lingering on the agenda for most of the year. This was just issued late last week and published today. I'm still in the process of reviewing it but the good news is that he is proposing the adoption of the Comprehensive Settlement which Transwestern helped design and supported along with most other participants. The decision does however make some modifications which may not be in our best interest i.e. the adoption of a price cap for secondary market transactions. Due to the lapse in time on this proceeding, Com. Bilas has granted participants the right to file comments by Friday, October 19, 2001. Please review and advise if you agree we should file comments (I also have a call into Mark Baldwin). Note this is 140+ pages--you may wish to review the summary and pertinent sections.   <Sep> Subject :  GIR Proceeding--I99-07-003 
Email : FYI....This is a tentative agenda for the upcoming Regional cross funtion meeting scheduled for November 6th & 7th. The meeting will be held at the Sheraton in Albuquerque. Reservations can be made by calling 505-881-0000. The Sheraton called and only 2 people have made room reservations for this meeting to date. The cut off date to hold a block of rooms is October the 25th so, please reserve your rooms as soon as possible. Tuesday November 6th   7:00    Continental Breakfast 8:00    George Kneisley - Measurement Related Projects 9:00    Duane Brown - Compressor Inventory 9:30    Break 9:45    Darryl Schoolcraft/Ron Matthews/Dennis Alters - Gas Control/Facility Planning Update 10:30  Kim Watson - TW Marketing Update 11:30  Lunch 12:30  Tyron Brown - Red Man Pipe & Supply Agreement 1:30    Break 1:45    Ginger Bissey - CDC Update 2:15    Mark Hudgens - IBuyit e-procurement 3:15    Break 3:30    Gloria Wier/Joe Jeffers - SBP 4:30    Adjourn   Wednesday November 7th   7:00     Continental Breakfast 8:00     Team Objective Presentations   9:30     Break 9:45     Team Objective Presentations 10:30   Sarabeth Smith - New Pipeline Data Management System 11:30   Lunch 12:30  To be announced 1:30     Break 1:45     Norm Spalding   2:45     To be announced 3:15     Break 3:30     Roger Osborn - Safety Update 4:00     Rich Jolly - Closing Remarks 4:30     Adjourn       Teams will need to be prepared to give a presentation on this years goals and objectives. You may use Power Point slides to make your presentations if you like...  (Remember, you will be limited to 10 minutes per Team on presentations)    Also, if there are any issues and concerns that need to be discussed, please forward a list prior to the meeting so that I can compile. Thanks   <Sep> Subject :  Albuquerque Regional Meeting Agenda 
Email : Pam:  As a follow up to our call today, please obtain a specific date that we can expect the TV monitor set-up. It would be a shame to install cable and TV set-up and move in the next month. Also note that I have not heard from Iain regarding options on the table top desk copier. Please advise status and date of expected delivery. Thank you for your assistance.   <Sep> Subject :  Status 
Email : Attached for your review are Transwestern's comments to be filed tomorrow on the CPUC's Proposed Decision in the SoCal GIR proceeding. Please review and comment to either Greg Porter or myself by the end of today. Thanks gh   <Sep> Subject :  Comments on SoCal GIR Proposed Decision 
Email : I made room reservations for the 3 of us on November 5 only at the Sheraton Uptown (505-881-0000). The rooms are not guaranteed past 6:00 pm. Our confirmation numbers are as follows. Ron M.  118587   Darrell S. 118588   Dennis A. 118590  I checked on flights and the best bet is a 2:30 pm flight arriving Albuquerque at 3:36 pm (next one wouldn't get in until 7:37 pm). Flights back to Houston are 2:40 pm and 4:30 pm arriving at 5:37 & 7:37 pm respectively. I vote for the 4:30 pm flight to make sure we don't run short on time. LET ME KNOW ASAP MONDAY TO BOOK. Right now the fare is  $156.25 & non-refundable. Not sure what it will be Monday. Kim,  I don't know your plans in and out of Albuquerque so I didn't book a room for you. I thought you were headed elsewhere from Albuqueruque. Let me know if you want me to do something on arrangements. Ron M.   <Sep> Subject :  Albuquerque Cross Functional Meeting 
Email : Kim, Kevin would like to have a 1 hour meeting either Tuesday or Wednesday and have all the Sun Devil Commercial people attend. I'm not sure who all that involves, but would you either forward this to them with a request for availability or tell me who to poll. Thanks for your assistance with this.   <Sep> Subject :  Sun Devil Meeting 
Email : Kim, Mark listed below are the ETS Operations employees that will participate in the Southern Trails due diligence October 29th and 30th in Salt Lake City, Utah. L.D. Stephens - Team Leader/Operations  Larry Campbell - Environmental  ???????? - ROW (To be determined by Johnny McGee and communicated directly to you)  Mike Ames - Pipeline Safety  As discussed, these employees will arrive in Salt Lake, Sunday evening, October 28th prepared to go to the data room Monday 29th and Tuesday 30th. They will return to their respective home locations Wednesday morning, October 31st. Please provide a Questar contact person and address of the data room. If you could also provide the name of a hotel close to the data room, it would be appreciated. Names of other Enron parties participating in the due diligence and where they are staying would be helpful. Any specific limitations imposed upon the data room review should be communicated as soon as possible. Morris Brassfield (Operations Support) and Jerry Martin (E&C) have determined that it is not necessary for them to have personnel attend the data room. The operations team will retrieve as much information as possible to support their needs. It was also my understanding no one from Planning and System Optimization would participate. As I will be out of town the rest of the week, please communicate directly with these individuals via e mail. If you need to need to contact me, I can be reached at 713-303-2764. Don   <Sep> Subject :  Southern Trails Due Diligence 
Email : Mark: The following are certain Right-of-Way needs and/or questions. 1. Are the ROW records located in Salt Lake City or Long Beach, CA? 2. Does Questar have a ROW data base? If so, can they prepare a report, which would identify product limitation (i.e. Crude Oil specific), multiple line rights, pipeline size limitations, assignability, consent, etc. 3. An Encroachment report. 4. A Rental/Term report. 5. A report identifying any known curative problems. 6. Can they identify whether the following problems that existed in 1997 have been cured? a. BLM issues RE: Contract Purchasers vs. Land Patents   b. Pipeline lies outside of defined R/W in certain locations   c. Railroad licenses sold to municipal entities that may have required new terms and rental amounts   d. Relocations    i. Anaheim Hills    ii. Morongo Indian Tribe (possible Union Pacific Railroad R/W longitudinal occupation vs. private)   e. Franchise Agreements   7. Will new pipe be required for connection of Four Corners pipeline to existing Transwestern pipeline system? If so, would this be across the Fort Mohave Indian Reservation in Mohave County, AZ? It is my understanding that this due diligence will not involve the balance of Arizona, which includes the Navajos', Hopis' and the Bennett Freeze area (disputed tribal lands). Is this correct?   <Sep> Subject :  Southern Trails Due Diligence 
Email : Per Bill Wood's request, the attached sheet has those power plants (marked with "XX" in the left column) that are currently connected or proposed to be connected to the existing Transwestern Pipeline system. Let me know if you have questions. If the information is satisfactory, please forward this message to Bill Wood. kh   <Sep> Subject :  Proposed EG Projects.xls 
Email : DICTATION DRAFT FROM GREG PORTER   I just spoke with Georgetta Baker, lawyer for SoCalGas, and Rick Miles, FERC's ADR group. We discussed the possibility of mediation based upon both parties representing in pleadings filed in Docket No. RP01-620 (TW Complaint) that both companies were interested in alternate dispute resolution (ADR). After discussing the various types of ADR, we agreed to begin with mediation. Rick Miles will be the mediator. The mediation process that was discussed was an evolutionary one whereby parties would meet in a neutral location to discuss resolution (i.e., settlement) of its claims. Both parties indicated a willingness to settle. Rick Miles will act as a facilitator. Mr. Miles' function will be one of moderating discussions and not evaluative. As the mediation process continues without resolution, Mr. Miles' role will evolve. Later on, if the parties desire, Mr. Miles offered to bring in a FERC staffer that is a subject matter expert to offer his or her views of each party's case. Also, if the parties desire, the subject matter expert would indicate how he or she would recommend the Commission rule on the merits. Initial dates of November 7-8 or November 13-14 were offered as potential dates for the first meeting. A neutral location needs to be agreed upon. Once additional information is learned, I will advise. In the meantime, if you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact me.   <Sep> Subject :  TW v. SoCalGas (Dictation Draft from Greg Porter) 
Email : When: Thursday, October 25, 2001 2:00 PM-3:00 PM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada). Where: EB 13th floor  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*  Kim, Are you available tomorrow afternoon? My apology for not calling you back earlier today. Also, attached below are new marketing materials for EAMR that you may find interesting. They are still in draft form, however, are nearing completion. Sarabeth, 55023   <Sep> Subject :  Caithness + 
Email : I have reviewed the La Plata Facilities O&O Agreement. Lee, could you please review the same and see if you agree with this assessment? It appears to me that the pigging facilties could qualify as either of the following:  Special Services. This would be subject to prior written consent and agreement between the Operator (TW) and the Operating Committee (TW & NWPLRepresentatives). If NWPL agreed, their share of the cost would be in proportion to their ownership interest. If we did obtain their approval, future O&M cost attributable to the pigging facilities could be shared among the owners. (We've agreed to a flat fee for 2000 through 2003 with a 3.5% escalator starting in 2001.) Addition or Expansion. Demonstrate that the pigging will add incremental transmission capacity. We have to give notice to NWPL and they have 60 days to participate. If they participate, they share in the cost at their ownership interest, but they get a share of the incremental capacity at their ownership interest. If they don't indicate a desire to participate in 60 days, we can proceed with the Expansion (without any approval, but also no cost sharing). Also, any incremental O&M associated with an expansion cannot be passed on to any owners not participating in such expansion. I think if we went the Special Services route, we would need to justify the need for these facilities to maintain the integrity and efficiency of the facilities at current levels. I think we would spend alot of time arguing this with them and in the end they would probably approve it subject to them not incurring any cost. (They probably don't have $260,000 ($1.5MM * .174) sitting around in a budget somewhere that they'd like to fork over for these facilities.) Rich, what do you think? How difficult would it be to demonstrate that these facilities are necessary for maintaining the current operating levels of the facilities? Recommendation:  To save us the 60 days notice period of an Expansion, I think we should notify them that it's a necessary Special Service and ask for approval (& to pass along their share of the cost), but to be prepared to eat 100% of the costs to obtain their timely approval and proceed with the installation of the facilities. In this event we would need to agree on the inclusion of future O&M attributable to these facilities. FYI, their ownership interest is still officially 22.3% since they have not executed the Amendment that has been tendered to them 3 times, first by me and twice by Lynn Blair. If they execute the Amendment that incorporates the 4/1/98 expansion of the facilities, their ownership interest will be 17.4%.   <Sep> Subject :  Installation of Pigging Facilities 
Email : Kim - I have scheduled my surgery for Monday, 11/5. In preparation, I must have pre-op and a meeting with my doctor on Thursday, 11/1. I will be leaving the office around 11 am on 11/1. Lorraine   <Sep> Subject :  Surgery 
Email : We will be able to attend the Questar Southern Trails data room on Monday and Tuesday (Oct 29th and 30th) as originally planned. If you only need one day, please let me know which day you'll be attending. Questar is located at 180 East 100 South, Salt Lake City, Utah. Our main contacts are Jodi Starley at (801) 324-2082 and Gary Schmitt at (801) 324-2082. The hours of the data room are 8:00 - 4:00. They are looking at our data request and working to make sure they can accomodate us. Also,  Engineers available for interviewing are only available on Monday. Legal staff needed to be interviewed are only available on Tuesday. If there are other staff that are needed for interviews, please let me know. Some attendees are staying at the Salt Lake City MARRIOTT SALT LAKE CITY, 75 S. West Temple, Salt Lake City, UT 84101 Phone: 1-801-531-0800 FAX: 1-801-532-4127  for Sunday and Monday nights. You need to make your own travel reservations and it is advised that you do that as soon as possible. The Bid for Southern Trails West Leg) is due December 10th. I show the following people going to the data room:  1. L.D. Stephens - Team Leader/Operations 2. Larry Campbell - Environmental 3. Larry Gleffe - ROW  4. Mike Ames - Pipeline Safety 5. Warren Schick - Property Tax 6. Bob Chandler - Finance 7. Stephen Dowd - Corp Dev 8. Kim Watson - Marketing  9. Mark McConnell - Marketing  Please let me know if this list needs any corrections. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  Questar Southern Trails Data Room OCT 29 - 30 (Monday and Tuesday) 
Email : Dave,  Using the numbers we have today and the Pemex volume of 240/day @ $0.25 as we have noted does not get KM to where we would want to be. I layered on an additional 5 year commitment on the 240/day to cover some of the gap but we were still short of targets. I then modified the debt term to 20 years which should be acceptable as the project would be supported for that length by the extended term and that covers an additional portion of the gap. However, we are still short of our target and my calculations indicate a need to have 22/day @ $0.25 starting in year 3 and lasting through year 20 to make up the difference. In the alternative, a rate of $0.267 with the 20 year term and 20 year debt note also gets us there. All in all, neither one is that big of a hill to climb so we know what we are looking at. Mark,  Could you review from TW's perspective and see if you come up with numbers in the same ball park?   <Sep> Subject :  Transpecos 
Email : In the CPUC's meeting today, the Commission approved the proposed RLS/Peaking tariff which provides for a bypass peaking rate when customers bypass their system except for peaking service. It appears they approved the June 19th Proposed Decision which establishes a cost based rate made up of four components--Customer Charge, Public Purpose Program charge, Reservation Charge and a volumetric Interstate Transition Cost Surcharge. As soon as the Order is published I'll review the final Order and advise if this is still true or if any changes were made. SoCal will have 10 days from the Order to file an Advice Letter with conforming tariff sheets.   <Sep> Subject :  SoCal RLS/Peaking Tariff 
Email : This note is a perfect example of how far behind I am on doing those things that need to be do. . .Needless to say, I'm LOSING !! By now you probably know we have our unit listed with Rosie. Patsy is much easier to live with now that I see the things the way she does !! All this does mean I need to resign from the Board and from serving as the Board representative to the Social Committee. Do you have any preferences as to the date I do that ? Jim   <Sep> Subject :  Moving away 
Email : Kim asked me to send the attached spreadsheet to you. It's my listing of TW's firm contracts where I track ROFR. This is a complete list as of 9-17-01 of all long-term contracts (seasonal or longer). Any monthly deals may not be included. Dennis Lee has a report he runs from CBS of all currently effective contracts and contracts with future effective dates for me to cross-check that I have everything. The first tab "ROFR Criteria" is a complete list of currently effective contracts including (at the bottom) contracts with future effective dates and the Red Rock Expansion contracts. The receipt and delivery areas are noted. The tabs following show the subscribed capacity for certain segments of TW's pipe (West of Thoreau, Blanco to Thoreau & Ignacio to Blanco) by month through 2006.   <Sep> Subject :  TW Firm Contracts 
Email : Western executed 10,000 MMBtu/d of Blanco to Thoreau capacity effective June 2002, as an additional source of supply for their Red Rock expansion contract. The capacity is for 15 years at the maximum rate, generating $5.6 million in demand charges. Sold two packages of stranded firm transportation to Burlington Resources from LaMaquina to Blanco for November and December at $0.05 plus fuel, which gives TW an incremental revenues of $45,500 not already in plan. These transactions were executed through EnronOnLine.   <Sep> Subject :  Bullets 10/26/01 
Email : FYI....This is the agenda for the upcoming Regional cross funtion meeting scheduled for November 6th & 7th. The meeting will be held at the Sheraton in Albuquerque. Reservations can be made by calling 505-881-0000. Tuesday November 6th   7:00    Continental Breakfast 8:00    George Kneisley/Earl Chanley - Measurement Related Projects 9:00    Duane Brown - Compressor Inventory 9:30    Break 9:45    Darryl Schoolcraft/Ron Matthews/Dennis Alters - Gas Control/Facility Planning Update 10:45  Dan Pribble 11:30  Lunch 12:30  Tyron Brown - Red Man Pipe & Supply Agreement 1:30    Break 1:45    Ginger Bissey - CDC Update 2:15    Mark Hudgens - IBuyit e-procurement 3:15    Break 3:30    Gloria Wier/Cliff McPhearson - SBP 4:30    Adjourn   Wednesday November 7th   7:00     Continental Breakfast 8:00     Kim Watson - TW Marketing Update 9:00     Team Objective Presentations 9:30     Break 9:45     Team Objective Presentations 12:00   Lunch 1:00  Sarabeth Smith - New Pipeline Data Management System 2: 00    Break 2:15    Norm Spalding   3:15     Break 3:30     Craig Lindberg - Prax Air (30 minutes) 4:00     Roger Osborn - Safety Update 4:30     Rich Jolly - Closing Remarks 5:00     Adjourn       Teams will need to be prepared to give a presentation on this years goals and objectives. You may use Power Point slides to make your presentations if you like...  (Remember, you will be limited to 10 minutes per Team on presentations)    Also, if there are any issues and concerns that need to be discussed, please forward a list prior to the meeting so that I can compile. Thanks   <Sep> Subject :  Albuquerque Regional Meeting Agenda 
Email : Calpine - Meet with Calpine to discuss Red Rock FT.  Calpine has been allocated 33,529 MMBtu out of their 40,000 MMBtu Red Rock contract for receipts from the West Texas Pool. They have indicated this is not satisfactory and may pursue (I'm not sure how) this in the future. We are still working towards designating specific receipt points for their entire MDQ. SoCal - Jeff Dasovitch made initial contact with the CPUC about SoCal's unwillingness to confirm TW volumes at the SoCal Topock point on an alternate basis. He would like TW to continue in its efforts to keep these discussions going as well. (Rick Ishikawa is out on vacation this week and I have a call into him.) This week, Richardson Products contacted So Cal about this issue as well. Calpine is also interested in having the flexibility under its Red Rock contract to deliver gas to Socal Topock (on an alternate basis) and is meeting with SoCal next week and will discuss this with them. OBAs - I have made initial contact with all my volumetric OBA parties to begin discussions on resolving payback and going forward on the tariff OBA. Lorraine   <Sep> Subject :  Bullets 
Email : Kim, as per Gaylen's phone message, I have attached the Confidentiality Agreement for the third party's signature. Please have them sign if you're planning to bring them to the Data Room or if you plan on divulging confidential information to them. Thank you for your help in this matter. Please call Gaylen or myself if you have any questions.   <Sep> Subject :  Confidentiality Agreement - PLEASE OPEN ASAP 
Email : Kim, It was great to meet with you this morning. Here is the presentation I promised on Pipeline Integrity and Safety. Have a great weekend!   <Sep> Subject :  Presentation 
Email : New Peaking Rate for SoCalGas Could Spur Bypass  After various fits and starts surrounding the issue over a number of months, California regulators Thursday established an alternative demand stand-by charge, called a "peaking rate," for Southern California Gas Co., which could open up the utility to "economic bypass" by interstate pipeline projects lined up and ready to go at the border. The California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC) rejected the utility's own proposal as "anti-competitive." "This case has been very contentious," said the lead commissioner assigned to the case, Richard Bilas. "For the most part, the response to SoCal's application was negative." Noting active opposition from large end-users, merchant generators and interstate pipelines, Bilas said that it is difficult to find an ideal peaking rate for gas. CPUC President Loretta Lynch dropped an alternate proposal to support Bilas. Ideally, the regulators are trying to keep the utility and its captive customers whole, while not deterring the option of what they call "economic bypass," said Bilas, noting that SoCalGas' proposals did not "reflect market reality. The new rate calculation is very complex, and potential competitors have yet to comment on its impact. A number of proposed interstate pipelines are lined up at the border awaiting a decision which would make it economic for them to proceed into SoCalGas territory, including an expansion of Mojave to Sacramento, Questar Corp.'s proposed Southern Trails oil-to-natural gas converted pipeline from the Four Corners area to Long Beach, and Kinder Morgan and Calpine's Sonoran pipe to San Francisco. Up to this point the utility's residual load service (RLS) charges -- which customers of other pipelines had to pay in addition to charges paid to the transporting pipelines -- made it uneconomic to sign up on other lines. Called on by the CPUC to come in with a more moderate system, SoCalGas had proposed replacing the RLS charge with a peaking charge that customers said was just as onerous.   <Sep> Subject :  Article on SoCal "Peaking" Rate 
Email : Personnel will be available to be interviewed during our visit to the Questar data room. Some of the interview personnel will not be there both days. Please note the following availabilities:   Tax Representative Tuesday  Financial Advisor Tuesday  Legal   Tuesday  ROW   Tuesday  Engineer  Monday morning  The Questar office is not far from the Marriott Hotel so if you want to walk over together, meet in the Marriott lobby at 8:00 Monday and Tuesday. Otherwise, we'll meet you at the Questar office. As a reminder, Questar is located at 180 East 100 South, Salt Lake City, Utah. Our main contacts are Jodi Starley at (801) 324-2082 and Gary Schmitt at (801) 324-2082. The hours of the data room are 8:00 - 4:00. The Marriott is located at 75 S. West Temple, Salt Lake City, Phone: 1-801-531-0800.   <Sep> Subject :  Data Room Interviews and initial meetings for Southern Trails 
Email : NGI's Daily Gas Price Index  published : October 29, 2001 ALJ Clears Transwestern of Market Power Charges  A FERC administrative law judge has found no improprieties, nor evidence of the exercise of market power in negotiated rate contracts between Transwestern Pipeline and two shippers on its system, which resulted in the shippers being charged as much as $27/MMBtu last February, far in excess of the pipeline's allowed transportation rate of 38 cents/MMBtu (RP97-288-009). ALJ Jacob Leventhal had only one fault to find, and that was with Transwestern's method of posting capacity. The judge said, and Transwestern agreed, to modify its tariff "so that all posting, bidding and award procedures are set forth in a separate provision with an appropriate caption" on its Internet bulletin board. Shippers had said that reviewing capacity on the Transwestern web site was "a tortuous process." Indicated Shippers claimed Transwestern's inadequate capacity posting and award procedures did not provide all interested parties with an opportunity to bid for the capacity that was available. While "both Indicated Shippers and (FERC) Staff find it curious that SET (Sempra Energy Trading) and Richardson (Products Co.) were the sole bidders on the contracts awarded to each of them...curiosity does not translate into proof," the judge said. Witnesses in the expedited hearing testified no bids were considered in advance of the capacity posting. The judge subsequently found the capacity was awarded in a manner consistent with Transwestern's tariff. Similarly, Levanthal could find no evidence that Transwestern exercised market power in negotiating the rates with shippers or withholding or threatening to withhold capacity. The capacity was available at recourse rates, and the shippers knew those rates were available. "Staff's arguments really are criticisms of the posting and award procedures, but do not demonstrate the exercise of market power." The two shippers said they made a business decision to propose the "index-to-index" formula that produced the higher rates, rather than take the recourse rate "to minimize any risk on transportation options." The index-to-index formula refers to taking the difference between the daily published commodity prices at two different points and subtracting to get the transportation rate between them. In this case the two points were the San Juan Basin and the SoCal Needles delivery point. The case was set for expedited hearing last summer by the commissioners acting on staff recommendations.   <Sep> Subject :  NGI Article on TW Ruling 
Email : Here is another matrix of TW "Current Shipper" rates & surcharges. This one is not posted on the web. I don't know whether anyone needs/uses it, anymore, but I have been keeping it up. There is a new tab for each change in Current Shipper Rates. The latest is "200111"  Elizabeth - I forgot to send this to you this morning. Jeanette - I don't recall whether I sent this along with the other TW files.   <Sep> Subject :  FYI  11/2001 TW Rate Matrix - same rates, different format 
Email : We'll do the regularly scheduled update next week 11/5 when we will hopefully have more market feedback. Right now we are still working to secure market commitment and design rate structures that meet their needs and Enron's hurdle rates. Please call me if you have questions. kh   <Sep> Subject :  postponed Sun Devil update for Monday 10/29 
Email : Jean - Thanks for the new computer. They installed it the middle of last week. Initially, it was great and a little faster but today is another day and the print function is incredibly slow. Anything you can do? Lorraine   <Sep> Subject :  New Computer 
Email : The Auto Exam link under the Auto Center Tab of our Web Portal, has been brought down due to a misdirected link displaying adult content. Enron IT and Digital Insight are looking into the problem and will bring the link back up when it has been rerouted to the appropriate site. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Web Portal Link Down 
Email : Kim: I was hoping to catch up with you after Stan's meeting to discuss TW financing arrangements. Their is still a very good possibility that TW could be added to the Cpt. 11 companies sometime in early Jan. (the Revolving Credit Agreement would be paid off as part of that process). Two things to remember on new projects - (i) likelihood of TW cash for equity in deal is very low and (ii) If TW is put into Cpt. 11, the implications of its credit on the other counterparties. If we can find other people's money and structure around the TW credit risk, we have a better chance (but still will be extremely tough). As you heard this morning, cash is at a very high premium right now (especially with Red Rock expansion). Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Financing Arrangements 
Email : Greg and I are available to meet between 2 and 3:30 today, does that work for you? Because, after that we want to follow-up with SoCalGas to let them know our timing and where were at given our commitment at last week's meeting. thanks, Maria   <Sep> Subject :  SoCal billing issue/capacity 
Email : Per our conference call today, here are some ideas to get TW Settlement Value. 1. SoCal to commit to TW to let us schedule transport at the SoCal/Topock (South Needles) delivery point. 2. SoCal to turnback 20,000 to 25,000/d of receipt capacity from the WTX Pool, at no cost to TW (SoCal continues to pay for it). 3. TW has been scheduling PG&E's payback to SoCal at SoCal/Topock to help PG&E and SoCal. SoCal to schedule this as transport from PG&E/Topock (as a RP) to SoCal/Topock (DP) and pay TW transport fee. 4. SoCal to agree (in writing) to dedicate to TW the incremental 50,000/d at Needles becoming available Jan, 2002 until Red Rock Expansion in-service. 5. SoCal to amend their OBA to dollar-valued (from volumetric) and cash-out their existing OBA with TW (at TW's index value). 6. SoCal to sell storage to TW. 7. SoCal to purchase incremental Thoreau to West of Thoreau capacity from TW. 8. Extension of SoCal's mainline &/or San Juan lateral contracts. Or early notice of termination or early notice of ROFR trigger (so that we would have the opportunity to remarket it).   <Sep> Subject :  SoCal Ideas for Settlement Value 
Email : When: Monday, August 06, 2001 9:00 AM-9:30 AM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada). Where: EB 3671  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*  Konstantin G. Aslanidi is confirmed for an in person Interview on Friday August 10,2001. Konstantin is coming in to interview for job #107855 SPEC SR HR. Attached below  you will find his resume attached for your review. Thank you,   <Sep> Subject :  In person Interview - Konstantin G. Aslanidi - Friday August  10,2001 
Email : Per our conversation yesterday on TW fuel sales, below are the general criteria I use in formulating my market view. Please note that these are listed in order of importance. 1. Continuation Charts:  Looks like the recent move to 2.450 completed the -B- Wave down and we are currently in the -C- wave up of this larger -A- up; -B- down; and  -C- up move. Specifically, within this -C- wave up:   <Sep> Subject :  Technical Market View 
Email : Hi,  I know everyone is doing their best, and it is appreciated, but:  How can The Association continue to justify asking residents to pay the same fees month after month after month while simultaneously failing month after month after month to provide all the services we pay for? I'm curious: has the board has addressed the possibility of reducing fees commensurate with services provided? If they did and (obviously) decided to keep things the same, I'd appreciate a glimpse into the "why" of that decision. Just wondering aloud after another one-elevator-day. I would greatly appreciate an official response from the board by email. Thank you very much for time,  Mike Mancini 1103  (of course, I am well aware we received a month free, which works pretty well considering the building was unlivable most of that month. I am aware, too, of water damage checks for, yes, damage. I'm not aware of anything in the works, however, to reasonably address the last many months of poor service, nor the predicted next 6-12 months of the same... I most certainly welcome enlightenment if I am missing something simple---really!)   <Sep> Subject :  You know, I've been wondering.... 
Email : FYI, Here is the 2002 schedule for the Outage Commercial Review Meeting. Note the new locations and the new conference code number. These dates have been set, but are subject to change. If you have any questions please give me a call.   <Sep> Subject :  Outage Commercial Review Schedule (2002) 
Email : When: Friday, August 10, 2001 9:00 AM-9:30 AM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada). Where: EB 3671  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*  Konstantin G. Aslanidi is confirmed for an in person Interview on Friday August 10,2001. Konstantin is coming in to interview for job #107855 SPEC SR HR. Attached below  you will find his resume attached for your review. Thank you,   <Sep> Subject :  Updated: In person Interview - Konstantin G. Aslanidi - Friday  August 10,2001 
Email : This is just a Reminder!!!! August 8th - Four Seasons Hotel Downtown           1300 Lamar Street    (we will be located in the Conroe Room)   Breakfast will be served at 7:15 AM and we will begin promptly at 8:00AM. Once again we encourage you to dress casually, but keep in mind the Hotel Room may be Cold!!! Maps to the Secret Social will be handed out following the afternoon brainstorming event!!! We look forward to seeing YOU there!! !   <Sep> Subject :  TEAM BUILDER 
Email : The following volumes are capacities west of Station 1 that will result fro= m tie-in construction work slated for the Red Rock expansion. Tie-in assem= blies will be required on both the Mainline and Loopline at stations 1, 2, = and 3. New block and side valve assemblies for new compressor and scrubber= s will be installed on the suction side main and loop lines at each station= . The tie-in will entail blocking (isolating) a line segment within the st= ation yard on the suction side (each line done separately) thus creating a = dead leg back to the next upstream block valve crossover(s). Hence, all of=  the flow will be forced into a single line when making tie-in on the adjac= ent pipeline line. The result of forcing all volumes into a single line wi= ll produce greater pressure losses in the operating segment to the existing=  compression and reduce throughput due to lower suction pressure and respec= tive horsepower limitations. Discharge piping at the station having tie-in=  work will be unchanged regarding valving configurations. Tie-in=09Schedule/Duration=09Capacity=09X-over Status CS 2 ML=09Oct '01 / 4 days=09960 MMcfd=09MLV 3010-open us/ds x-over; open u= s 30" x-over CS 2 LL =09Oct '01 / 2 days=09960 MMcfd=09MLV 3010-open us/ds x-over, open = us 30" x-over CS 1 ML=09Mar '02=09/ 4 days=09990 MMcfd=09MLV 2012 & 2011-open us/ds x-ove= r; open us 30" x-over CS 1 LL=09Mar '02=09/ 2 days=09990 MMcfd=09MLV 2012 & 2011-open us/ds x-ove= r; open us 30" x-over CS 3 ML=09Apr '02=09/ 4 days=091010 MMcfd=09MLV 4012 & 4011-open us/ds x-ov= er; open us 30" x-over CS 3 LL=09Apr '02=09/ 2 days=091010 MMcfd=09MLV 4012 & 4011-open us/ds x-ov= er; open us 30"x-over  Notes: 1.=09Specific schedule dates are forthcoming 2.=09Schedules could be impacted by material deliveries and is based upon r= eceipt of construction permits 3.=09Durations consider working around the clock until completed   <Sep> Subject :  TW Capacity Affected for Red Rock Tie-ins 
Email : I have placed the contracted information we discussed in a file called "TW Firm October 1996.XLS" on "S:\MARKETING\TW_FLOW\". This file has all of the firm contracts, including capacity release contracts, contracted on or after October 1, 1996. It includes the contracted points and the contracted volume at each point. I decided to include the capacity release contracts thinking that their rates might show us the market value of the capacity over time. I can easily remove this data if you don't think it will be helpful. My next steps, as I understand it, are to 1) extract commodity volume, revenue and rate information from the invoiced data for these contracts; and 2) extract a sample of daily flow information from the scheduling system for these contracts for Sean to review. Please take a look at this data and let me know if it meets your needs, or if you need additional information. I'll keep working!   <Sep> Subject :  Status - Firm Contract Data Request 
Email : Steve - In response to your previous questions regarding customers behind SWG. SWG's largest customers are power plants. Nevada Power (still owns generation)  El Dorado (Reliant and Sempra)  Nevada Cogen Assoc. (NCA1 & 2) (partially owned by Texaco)  Saguro Power Plant (NRG partially owns)  Las Vegas Cogen (Enron involved?) Parties who are either planning to build new power plants or are already building power plants in the Southern Nevada area include Mirant Reliant Calpine PG&E  APS/Pinnacle West was among the buyers of one of Nevada Power's plants before dereg in NV was postponed. Please let me know if you need other info. Lorraine   <Sep> Subject :  Southwest Gas 
Email : PRIVILEGED & CONFIDENTIAL - ATTORNEY/CLIENT COMMUNICATION  FROM GREG PORTER  We have agreed with SoCalGas and FERC's ADR group lead by Rick Miles, to meet in Chicago on December 4, 2001 to begin mediation. In anticipation of mediation, over the next month we will be meeting to prepare our mediation presentation and discuss potential settlement scenarios and strategies. We will have a better sense after the mediation session on December 4th whether SoCalGas is serious about its desire to resolve this proceeding amicably. SoCalGas' lawyer has represented to me that they are interested in settlement and "prepared at some level" to compromise. Should you have any questions regarding this matter, please do not hesitate to contact me.   <Sep> Subject :  Message from Greg Porter re: Update on Transwestern Pipeline  Company vs SoCalGas FERC Proceeding 
Email : Kim & Frank,  I received a call last week from a Brian Laurie with PG&E. Brian indicated that PG&E was splitting their Pipeline and LDC businesses into two separate units/companies. Brian was asking about what kind of agreements that NNG has in place dealing with our LDC business. I'm not sure how much or what kind of information that we feel comfortable in sharing with PG&E on this issue. Can you give me some insight into what information we may want to share or who may need to discuss this with PG&E.   <Sep> Subject :  PG&E 
Email : Pipe Expansions Planned for Rockies Region  With several pipeline companies well into addressing the pipeline capacity shortages that persist as natural gas production grows throughout the Rocky Mountain region, Kinder Morgan Interstate Gas Transmission LLC (KMIGT) announced two major projects Wednesday, and several other companies detailed expansions planned or in the works during the closing session at the 13th Annual Rocky Mountain Natural Gas Strategy Conference. Headlining the news was KMIGT's plans to use existing rights-of-way to build the Advantage Pipeline, which would fill the same needs as the Colorado Interstate Gas pipe, moving from the Cheyenne Hub to the Mid-Continent. An open season is scheduled on the proposed pipe this fall. Dave Scharf, business development director for KMIGT, said the 24-inch pipe, which would move gas primarily from the Powder River Basin, would have a capacity of 330 MMcf/d, delivering to interconnects on its way to the Kansas City markets. "It would have a smaller size, with about 40% less content," Scharf said, but it would be expandable to 450 MMcf/d, with access to liquid Mid-Continent pipes, local distribution centers and end-use markets. A smaller pipeline, NECO -- a 12-inch pipe, about 95 miles long -- would serve the northeastern Colorado market. Although small, Scharf emphasized that it would reduce some of the bottlenecks now evident in moving gas in that part of the state, and would also allow backhauls to Cheyenne. An open season on this line is also scheduled this fall, Scharf said.   <Sep> Subject :  Kinder Morgan Makes Some Expansion Announcements for Rockies 
Email : As many of you know, the Outlook mail retention rules have been turned on at the mail server, and all user mailboxes now follow these rules:  Message Location Maximum Retention Inbox  30 days Sent Items Folder 30 days Trash  Rollover from Inbox for one day Folders  All eMail messages placed in folders will be destroyed after one calendar year  But what if you regularly view your Sent Items folder to see your past communications? Are you stuck to only 30 days now? In the Sent Items folder, YES. But, luckily, we are still allowed a full year on all other mail folders, so we can easily create a new folder to store our sent mail in which will allow us to keep it for a full year. We then create a RULE to automatically move the sent mail to it. Works great! Note:  This new folder will be included in your mailbox 100mb size limit! CREATE NEW FOLDER Right-click on the top folder in your folder list and select New Folder    Type the name you'd like to give this folder ("Save Sent" for example) Click OK  CREATE NEW RULE Close any open messages, calendar items, etc, so just Outlook is open. Click Tools, then Rules Wizard  Click New, then select Check messages after sending  Click Next Click Next When prompted ......Is this correct?, click Yes Put a check mark next to move a copy to the specified folder Click the word specified in the lower window Select the new folder you created earlier and click OK Click Finish When prompted, This rule is a client-only rule..... click OK Click OK  Now, a copy of all messages you send will be in your new folder for reference for a full year. Enjoy!   <Sep> Subject :  IT Weekly Tip - Save Those Sent Messages 
Email : When: Friday, November 09, 2001 1:30 PM-2:30 PM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada). Where: 4052  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*  Note: This presentation will be repeated on Monday 11/12/2001 from 10:30 - 11:30 am. You will receive that appointment also. Please accept the time that best fits your schedule. If you have any questions or need to schedule another time please give me a call. Bobby Mason   <Sep> Subject :  Pipeline Profile, Dashboard Alerts Testing Presentation 
Email : I will be travelling on 11/12 so here's the update:  Sonoran Pipeline -  Received offer price from Kinder Morgan to purchase capacity on their project. Marketing -  Panda Energy - Presented capacity offer to Panda on 11/6. They liked the swing capability, but fuel is an issue. They will present the offer to their partner  TECO. We expect their counter offer by week end 11/16. AZ Public Service -  Scheduled next meeting for 11/16 in Phoenix. Working on finishing Pre-pay and SFV rate designs. El Paso / FERC  - No word yet on direction of Full Requirements settlement. Copper Eagle Gas Storage - No word yet on our submitted bid. Leave me a voicemail if you have questions. thanks   <Sep> Subject :  Sun Devil update meeting Monday 11/12 cancelled 
Email : Attached below is a complete copy of the CPUC's Order on SoCal's RLS Tariff for peaking rates for bypass customers. There are some differences in the final order as opposed to the proposed decision previously issued such as the addition of an interruptible rate. In summary the Order contains the following provisions:  1. Two rates were adopted. A firm cost-based peaking rate and an interruptible peaking rate. 2. The firm cost-based peaking rate will include the following components:  a. A monthly customer charge to collect the cost of customer-related facilities. Actual rate will be dependent on type of customer ranging from $800 to $19,000. b. A volumetric Public Purpose Program surcharge based on Commission approved rates. c.  A monthly reservation rate calculated using the currently authorized end-use customer class rate times the MDQ. 3. The interruptible peaking rate has been set at 150% of SoCalGas' default tariff rate at a 100% load factor. 4. Firm and inter. customers will pay a volumetric rate to collect the Interstate Transition Cost Surcharge, Sempra-wide rate charge      and any other similar types of surcharges. 5. Other provisions include: customers are subject to daily balancing, interruptible customers are not eligible for Service Interruption      Credits and the tariff will apply on a facility-by-facility basis. SoCal was ordered to submit modified cost-based tariff sheets within 10 days of the order (Due 8/12/01). If you have any questions feel free to give me a call. gh   <Sep> Subject :  SoCal RLS Tariff/peaking rates 
Email : FYI,  The next Outage Coordination Commercial Review meeting is 11/14/01. The purpose for the meeting is to discuss outages that have a flow impact for the month of December. I will send out an outage report later today for your review. If you have any questions, please give me a call.   <Sep> Subject :  Outage Commericial Review Meeting (NNG,TW, & NBPL) 
Email : A meeting has been scheduled for 3:30 p.m. on Wednesday, November 14 in ECN 1336. The purpose of the meeting is to discuss ENA's desire to create a WAHA Header using facilities owned by Northern and/or Transwestern. We will tie Jo in via conference call. See you tomorrow. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  WAHA Hub Co. 
Email : FYI,  The next Outage Coordination Commercial Review meeting is 11/14/01. The purpose for the meeting is to discuss outages that have a flow impact for the month of December. Please review the attached outage report. If you have any questions, please give me a call.   <Sep> Subject :  Outage Commericial Review Meeting (NNG,TW, & NBPL) 
Email : FOOD ASSIGNMENTS:  Saturday Breakfast -  Sam, Paula Saturday Dinner  -  Kim, Phyllis Snacks   - Judy, Lee Sunday Breakfast  - Lisa, Cynthia Paper Products  - Amy      DIRECTIONS FROM LISA:  Hello Everyone-  Here are detailed directions to the beach cabin for the Nov. 30  girl's weekend. Directions to the Polk Beach Cabin:  Go south on IH-45. Take the Harborside Dr. exit when you get to Galveston and turn left under the highway (this is the first exit after crossing the causeway, so be watching for it). Travel approx. 6 miles on Harborside Dr. to Ferry Rd. Turn left on Ferry Rd., go to the end, and catch the ferry to Bolivar ( this is a free drive-on ferry operated by the Texas Hwy Dept.). After exiting the ferry you will be on Bolivar Peninsula Hwy 87. Travel approximately 11.5 miles to the Emerald II edition (the Crystal Beach water tower is a good land mark when you are getting close and the Emerald II edition is the first road after the post office).   <Sep> Subject :  Food assignments and directions for Girls' Weekend 
Email : Attached is an Excel spreadsheet of contract details of the TW deals we will be evaluating. There are 430 deals we will evaluate. The next step is to add price data with these details. Please let me know if you have any questions. Richard Riehm   <Sep> Subject :  TW Contract Data 
Email : Good Morning,  I am preparing a presentation that includes information about our Board. Please send me length of time you have served on the board by the end of day tomorrow. Let me know if you have any questions. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Personal Information 
Email : USGT has a new rate for contract 27161 starting Novemer 1, 2001 and in effect until changed or March 31, 2003. East to East gas Flow - $.025 - 1 part rate East to West gas Flow - Index to Index (with a floor of $.0246/MMBtu) - 1 part rate  If you have any questions or need more details, please contact me. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  FYI reminder - new rate in effect for USGT 
Email : The legal description for the proposed Southern Trails interconnect north of the Blanco Hub is Sec. 13, T29N, R11W, San Juan County, NM. This is on the old NWPL receipt line coming off the 30" Ignacio - Blanco line into the Blanco Hub upstream of the El Paso Blanco measurement. Bottom line is it's the same place we talked about earlier this week. Ron Matthews   <Sep> Subject :  Questar Southern Trails Interconnect - San Juan Co., NM 
Email : I have found a ferry that appears to be the shortest/cheapest, but still have more investigating to do. If you go drive from Palermo down to Messina, you can  cross to Villa San Giovanni. About 200 km. (2 hrs)  There are ferries every 15 minutes. The cost depends on the size of the car, but is anywhere from 30,000  to 61,000 ITL. That is 14.00 USD to 28.00 USD. That would make your drive farther. You can find the crossing at the narrowest strait between Sicily and the mainland near  Reggio di Calabria. I'm working on hotels now. Then the cars. Dee   <Sep> Subject :  Ferry 
Email : Attached for your review and comments is a draft of a request to FERC to extend the period allowed under the Red Rock certificate for the abandonment and replacement of the compressors at Station 4. My understanding is that we need to request a one year extension as to Station 4 (but not as to the other three compressor stations included in the Red Rock expansion) due to the fact that we haven't fully contracted for all of the capacity authorized by FERC. Your comments would be appreciated. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Transwestern Red Rock Expansion 
Email : Bill,  Attached is worksheet that provides some comparables of the USGT volumes that flowed west. In the scheme of things, the volumes in question our not that significant. Look at the "comparables" page of the excel file. This missing section should be given to you by Dennis Lee on Monday. I'm out next week but I should be available by cell phone or my home phone (713)665-4026. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  response to PUC protest of USGT deal 
Email : Kim  Heard about your cat. Very sorry about it. I also understand you got a new  cat this past weekend. Great. Have you picked a name yet? H   <Sep> Subject :  (no subject) 
Email : Attached is a draft of Transwestern's response to the protest filed by the California Public Utility Commission in Docket No. RP97-288-017. Your comments would be greatly appreciated. I have gotten some additional information from Mark on USGT's use of westward capacity, which I haven't had the opportunity to review or incorporate in the attached draft. From what Mark has told me, it further supports the statement in our response that USGT has not made significant use of its westward capacity and that the CUPC's claim that Transwestern is being transformed into a pipeline that is dominated by shippers using negotiated rates is greatly exaggerated. We need to file the response on Wednesday. Therefore, I would appreciate receiving any comments by noon tomorrow. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  USGT Negotiated Rate Filing/ Response to CPUC Protest 
Email : No meeting today but here's the update. We had our meeting with AZ Public Service on Friday 11/16. Here's the highlights:  30 year term is not a deal killer Rates & fuel are high but San Juan gas price helps They like the pressure guarantee They like being able to swing the volume within the day  APS has electric line ROW that may include underground ROW going south towards El Paso. If so, we may be able to use this path to reach Panda and the El Paso system at a reduced cost. APS will check it out and get back with me. Next steps:  meetings are being set up with Duke, Sempra, and PG&E for the week after Thanksgiving. El Paso / FERC full requirments debate:  A straw man settlement proposal was floated at FERC by one of the FR shippers. FERC still wants the parties to negotiate a settlement but so far there has been little progress.   <Sep> Subject :  Sun Devil Update  no meeting 11/19 or 11/26 
Email : Attached is a revised, red-lined version of the extension letter. I believe that I addressed Keith's question to his satisfaction, so I haven't added the additional language that he suggested regarding the timing of the removal of the existing compressor units at Stations 1, 2 and 3. Please let me know if you have any additional comments. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Transwestern Red Rock Expansion- FERC Extension Letter 
Email : Regent Energy in Pact to Develop 500 MW Plant  Regent Energy recently executed a contract with Millennium Energy Ventures, a private Houston-based venture capital and project development company, to develop an electric plant with 500 MW generating capacity on Regent's Horseshoe Gallup lease in San Juan County, NM. Regent will own 75% of the project, while MEVCO will own the remaining 25%. The estimated cost of the project comes in at $250 million. Under the agreement, MEVCO will manage the permitting, estimated at 6 to 9 months, and construction process, arranging the equity as needed for same. Regent will be prepared to give up 50% (total) of its 75% net for the financing, netting a 25% interest following the equity/debt financing. Further terms of the agreement provide that MEVCO will assist Regent in the acquisition of several gas fields in the Four Corners area, San Juan and Rio Ariba Counties of New Mexico, totaling an estimated 90+ Bcf and 20 MMcf/d current production. This production will be sufficient to power 100 MW of the power plant, with the remaining supply to be aggregated from other San Juan producers. MEVCO Managing Director Phillip Gennarelli noted, "We are pleased to be involved in this project with Regent. The addition of more producing properties in the area that we bring Regent, coupled with Regent's Horseshoe Gallup holdings, which are in direct proximity with the existing Four Corners Power Plant and the route of the recently announced Sonoran Pipeline venture of Calpine and Kinder Morgan, will provide an unequaled opportunity for both companies." Regent President John Ehrman said, "The additional production from producing properties which MEVCO is assisting Regent in purchasing, currently producing some $1.5 million per month in net operating income, coupled with the additional income through power generation helps Regent to maximize the location of our holdings in relation to the proximity of the existing power plant and transmission lines to key electricity markets in Los Angeles and other western markets. It is a good use of our surface lease, not related to the current proved mineral reserves of the lease." The producing oil and properties which MEVCO is assisting Regent in purchasing are in Regent's core area of the Four Corners region near Farmington, NM. Regent will be required to finance the acquisition of the oil and gas proven producing properties under consideration. Recently, Regent announced that it was in the process of purchasing the interests of all remaining working interest owners in the field, a transaction that is expected to be consummated by the end of the third quarter 2001, giving Regent 100% ownership of the current minerals on the lease.   <Sep> Subject :  New Mexico Power Plant Project 
Email : Lee and Bill, please find attached two SW Gas Proposals from Kim Watson. Please review for possible signing by Steve Harris on today. Kim is on vacation but would like for these letters to go out today. Again, please review and let me know if there are any changes as soon as possible. Thanks in advance,   <Sep> Subject :  SWGas Proposal 
Email : Attached is a draft of the letter that we propose to send to the CPUC regarding the AL2837 proceeding in which SoCal Gas is proposing changes to its "windowing" criteria. Your comments would be greatly appreciated. We need to file this tomorrow, so please communicate any comments to me by the close of business today, if possible. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  SoCal Gas CPUC Proceeding 
Email : Attached is a revised version of TW's response to the CPUC's protest. This version reflects comments received from Teb, Mary Kay, Greg and Maria. I apologize that the attachment is not red-lined. I'm having computer problems and have not been able to generate a red-lined version that accurately tracks the changes.   <Sep> Subject :  Transwestern Response To CPUC Protest/ Docket No. RP97-288-017 
Email : FYI:  PEP is accessible remotely from the web by typing pep.enron.com into the address bar of your browser. To enter you must have your user id and password. The PEP Help Desk line is x34777. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Remote access is available for PEP 
Email : Kim:  I'm in Iran. It's 1pm here. I'll be calling in at 7:15pm to say hello to the board this eve. I hope to have more positive news about insurance today. I'll be working on it during next several hours. Houshyar   <Sep> Subject :  (no subject) 
Email : Dawn McNeill just called to ask us to dinner this Saturday night. I told her about your semiannual "girls weekend" and that unless she wanted to fix me up with a date, we'd have to decline. She said "next time." FYI. JW   <Sep> Subject :  Invitation 
Email : Kim:  Were you able to find any savings for the 2002 O&M? I wanted to review with Steve before he left the office tomorrow. I appreciate you taking a look at this. Jan Moore X53858   <Sep> Subject :  2002 O&M 
Email : Attached is the final version of of Transwestern's response to the CPUC's protest in Docket No. RP97-288-017. The attachment was filed with FERC last Wednesday.   <Sep> Subject :  TW Response to CPUC Protest 
Email : Mike & Cheryl -  We heard yesterday about Cheryl's illness. You guys have been such special friends to us, we both wanted to know if there was anything we could do to help. If Cheryl is going to be going down to MD Anderson for treatment, either on an outpatient or inpatient basis, consider this:  our house is less than a ten-minute walk from MD Anderson. We have a spare bedroom and free parking. If it works out that Mike drops Cheryl off and needs a place to stay, either overnight or periodically during the day, we'll leave a key at the front desk of the Spires and one (or both) of you can base out of our place. And if you need someone to take care of the menagerie up north, I'm sure we can figure out how to get that done while you're staying down south. Remember that I make the reverse commute up there every day, and you both have a lot of friends and co-workers that can pitch in to help out. We think the world of you guys and want to help. Let us know how we can. Kim & John   <Sep> Subject :  Checking in... 
Email : Per the conversation in Steve's staff meeting yesterday, I double checked with Property Accounting and they verified that the funds in the amount of $291,861 were released on 11/6. If there is anything else you need, please let me know. Thanks!   <Sep> Subject :  Agave I/C 
Email : Per our phone conversation this morning..... I know you are well aware of these happenings (Southern Trails disappointing CPUC decision and the KMI Sonoran pipeline to California) but I thought these two articles were timely. Since it sounds like the Southern Trails gas is getting stranded wouldn't it be great if we could give KMI some competion for the new Power Plant being proposed in the four corners area. Southern Trails might be willing to offload some of the system cheap following the outcome of the CPUC decision. You may or may not be aware, but TW was working with D. Hawkins at providing operating services of this Souther Trails system for Questar so we have pretty good info. on the Questar system (or Don does I would guess). Anyhow, I know the Southern Trails system has to be in close proximity to this proposed power plant. (If I am driving you nuts with this junk mail Kim, please let me know.) Southern Trails Disappointed by CPUC Decision; Decision Discourages Development of New Natural Gas Pipeline Capacity   SALT LAKE CITY, Aug. 8 /PRNewswire/ -- Officials from Questar Southern Trails   <Sep> Subject :  Southern Trails/Regent Power Plant 
Email : Kim-  Listed below are the issues, pretty much as written, in the meeting on the West Texas Leg. Some are self-explanatory while others are somewhat cryptic. I will follow up with a list that better defines each issue, and you might have your guys think about each as well. We'll get back together soon (I'm not sure I can do it this week), and discuss an action plan. - CS 9 fuel - Atoka Lateral  We have both supply and market opportunities within the lateral itself - Turbocharge the Atoka #3 units - Look at Zia pressure obligation on the contract - Agave replacement gas at Atoka #3 - Complete the loop between WT-1 and WT-2 - Coolers to WT-2 - Pecos compressor re-wheel and engine upgrade - 200  300 (WT-2 to Pecos) flow study - Look at Block Valve 16 bi-directional interconnect w/Sid Richardson, and ability flow incremental above 340 on the total system - Look at Keystone into NNG; back to TW south of WT-2 - Check pressure of Stations 6 & 7, and PNM receipts - MAOP restriction on Panhandle leg due to encroachment  Let's talk. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  WT Leg Issues 
Email : I have 2 Alamo full size 4 dr/5 passenger  cars reserved for you. We do not have to prepay. The all-inclusive rate is 1,617250. ITL (approx 742.00) for the 12 days. This includes collision and theft insurance, taxes and unlimited mileage. I think that this is very good. 1 car booked under John Watson and 1 under Dennis Dye. They are manuals. The ferry from Palermo to Naples is daily, departing at 800pm, arriving 700am. It looks as though the vehicles will cost between 111,600 and 134,600 each. The passengers in a double outside cabin are 96,500 to 111,500. ) I believe, per passenger. The ferry from Palermo to Livorno departs at 1100pm and arrives the next day about 5pm. The double outside suite is 240,000. The coach seat is 120,000. Each car is 175,000 to 205,000. I need to verify if the cabin rate includes the passenger fee. I had found a ferry to Salerno, but it only operates 1 day a week, not the day you need. I'll get back to you. Dee   <Sep> Subject :  Italy car and ferry 
Email : Attached is SoCal's filing of their peaking service for bypass customers including the specific rates by customer class. Given the recent press with the dissatisfaction of the rates by Questar/Southern Trails, I would expect they will protest the Advice Letter filing. I'll continue to monitor the proceeding and any protests filed. gh   <Sep> Subject :  RLS/Peaking Rate Tariff 
Email : The ferry companies were not receiving requests yesterday or today due to a bank holiday. I need your home address and phone number for the request. You are not committed until I get a reply from them and then fax your credit cards. Can you also get me the credit card numbers? I will not use them until I check back with you about final costs. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  ferries 
Email : Kim, By italian maritime law, I must have everyone's passport names and ages. With the credit card nbrs, I will need exp date and cardholder name, address and phone. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  ferries 
Email : Effective August 16th, 2001, the ETS Deal Capture Team will help process all firm agreements on TW. All requests for firm service should continue to go to Michelle or Dennis for the base agreement processing; however, the Marketer should complete and forward a deal sheet (attached) for completion of the discount amendment and for us to obtain the appropriate approvals. Deal Capture will also tender the agreements and hand partially executed deals to Contracts for activation. As time permits, we will reconstruct the TW Firmbook listing of all active agreements by production month. Please let me know if you have any questions or concerns. Thanks! Craig   <Sep> Subject :  TW Firm Contract Processing 
Email : Kim/Morgan:   The pottery is finally HERE!! Please let me know when you would like me to deliver your pottery. Thanks Sasha  Sasha Divelbiss ETS - HR Analyst Wk(713)345-8714 sasha.divelbiss@enron.com   <Sep> Subject :  Pottery 
Email : Kim:  I got your voice mail and will take a look at the path you described. It most likely will be this afternoon,  I'll call you later. PT 3-0667   <Sep> Subject :  Agave short term Firm. 
Email : Following- up on our conversation regarding mercaptan sulfur on Agave's gas:   TW- Gas Quality requirements: Shall not contain not more than .3 grains mercaptan sulfur per one 100 cubic of gas. Their letter indicates that it is  more than 0.3 grains/ 100 cf. Therefore we have to tell them to treat the gas or TW has to install an instrument like Delmar 7200 with                     on -off shut- in devices to monitor the mercaptan in the gas at the receipt point.   <Sep> Subject :  TW/  Agave 
Email : Michelle,  =09I forget that you started with the team after I quit working on the TW A= greements; here's a brief update on what our "normal" process was previousl= y. We can change anything if you've found a better process... The Deal Capture Team (Craig & Esther) processes all FTS discount related a= mendments for TW Marketing. The Contract Group processes the new (base) ag= reement and any POI/MDQ/TERM type changes. All FTS service requests still = go to Contracts and, after the Capacity/Credit issues are completed and the=  contract printed out, the entire contract folder is forwarded to Deal Capt= ure for additional processing (all firm contracts/amendments get sent to De= al Capture for review). Deal Capture gets with the Marketer to determine i= f a Discount is being offered and then creates the Discount Amendment, Rout= es it for approval (if needed) and Tenders all documents to the Shipper. D= eal Capture is responsible for obtaining all approvals other than Capacity = and Credit. When (if) the Agreement is executed and returned by the Shippe= r, Deal Capture will handoff the original documents back to Contracts for a= ctivation and to complete all additional distribution and processing. Let = me know if you have any concerns or questions. As the first few deals go t= hrough, we'll need your feedback to see if the process needs some adjustmen= ts. Thanks for all your help...  Craig   <Sep> Subject :  TW FTS Agreements 
Email : Attached is your reservation for Rome for September 29, 2001. This room is  charged to your Amex account but the reservation is in my name. Print this attachment out and take it with you, since it has the  confirmation # on it. You will have a king, non-smoking, deluxe room at  $189.00 per night, including breakfast. This probably isn't in the downtown area, since it is supposedly a golf  resort. Paul said he would find out the exact location for us. If you are able to locate something better, feel free. I could find several  hotels on Travelocity that had availability, but the phone # wasn't provided  and you can only book one room at a time. The cancellation policy on this hotel is good -- we just have to cancel by   <Sep> Subject :  Rome reservations 
Email : Kim:   The PEPL Del point # 8042 and the NGPL Gray Del point 6839 has available unsubsribed as follows: Darrell will not allow FT at NGPL Hansford like Agave wants. Agave Rec. of 7,000 Dth and the Del as follows:   <Sep> Subject :  PEPL unsubscribed for Sep-Dec 2001. 
Email : Can you send them to me in a reply to this e-mail? I hope you had a good trip to Mexico. Where did you go there? Thanks, Dee   <Sep> Subject :  passport numbers and names 
Email : Please read the below letter (Sample) that you will be getting with your packet. Please confirm that you are planning to attend your session by responding to this email. This is very important since I will be distributing the packets next week. Next week you will be receiving the packet spoken of below containing: A Participant Letter (see below) A manager cover letter A manager questionnaire Seven employee cover letters Seven employee questionnaires Seven pre-addressed return envelopes for the completed questionnaires. Further information will be sent periodically. Thanks, Maggie  **************************************************************************************************************************************** August 27, 2001  Dear Participant:  It is our pleasure to welcome you to the Becoming an Exceptional Leader: a manager's level training program on October 31 - November 2 at the Doubletree - Travis 1&2 . The program is designed to help leaders develop the skills necessary to manage direct reports. The program focuses on participative management skills and has leaders and their reports working together to shape goals, standards, and operating procedures, that I believe you will find both relevant and enjoyable. Program Details  The program will begin at 8:30 a.m. each day and end at approximately 5:00 p.m. on the first 2 days and at 3:00 p.m. on the third day. Dress is informal. Because of the full program schedule, there will be no time for regular business contacts. Therefore, we ask that you clear your calendar for the 3 days and make arrangements for someone to cover your phone calls. Preparation Materials  Enclosed is the Preparation Materials booklet that you should read over and bring to the program. Distributing the Enclosed Questionnaires  As part of your preparation for the Becoming an Exceptional Leader: a manager's level training program, you will also be distributing the enclosed questionnaires to your direct reports. Many leaders spend a lot of time trying to figure out what their direct reports are thinking. To help answer that question, one of the key components of this program is a confidential survey of your direct report's perceptions of your management skill. The survey will help you to identify your strengths and determine areas in need of improvement. You are the only person who will see the survey results, unless you decide to share them. Distribute one of the enclosed questionnaires to each of the seven direct reports that you have selected. You may wish to hand deliver each questionnaire so that you can personally explain its purpose. In doing so you should emphasize that:  The reason you are asking him or her to fill out the questionnaire is to improve the quality of communication and effectiveness of work that transpires between you. His or her responses are strictly confidential. (The survey report that you will see at the program will be the combined results of all your direct reports.) The completed questionnaire must be received by the Forum Corporation for scoring no later than October 24th. Please allow 2 weeks for the questionnaire to travel through postal system. The questionnaire instructions explain that the direct report must fill in the level he or she feels is required in each dimension and the level he or she feel you have attained. I am confident that your direct reports will be happy to oblige. The questionnaire should take no more than 10 minutes to complete. Please note that a feedback report can only be generated for you when you use the questionnaire that I have assigned to you. Should you or your direct reports misplace a questionnaire do not use a colleague's "extras" or photocopy questionnaires. The questionnaires that have been assigned to you have a unique coding number which has been assigned specifically for you in order to create a custom feedback report. The questionnaires assigned to you cannot be duplicated or modified in any valid way without my knowledge. If you need replacement questionnaires for any reason, please see me and I will provide you with any extra questionnaires you may require. I look forward to your participation in the program and know you will find it to be an interesting and rewarding experience. If any questions remain unanswered, give me a call. Sincerely,   <Sep> Subject :  Manager's Training Class - Per Voicemail - Response Requested 
Email : Summary  Though this conference was scheduled to review all issues related to El Paso's capacity allocation method (including those in the pipeline's Order 637 proceeding), and with two complaints filed this summer regarding problems with the pipeline's allocation, major substantive issues were not covered at this conference. For instance, the battle between Full Requirements (FR) shippers and Contract Demand (CD) shippers came up marginally, but not in terms as substantive as the proposed conversion of FR shippers to CD contracts. Procedurally, there was also no decision on whether to proceed with a hearing, merits decision from the Commission or settlement, though it looks like a merits decision is the likely avenue for a decision. Staff did not discuss case merits or ask pointed substantive questions. Allocation Studies (Models)  El Paso opened the conference with a presentation/interpretation of seven capacity studies they have done to illustrate how its allocation proposal (March 27) would allocate the system's receipt and delivery points based on different scenarios. For nominations, receipt and delivery points were specified and ranked by shippers, and the model used 20 pools. The scheduling model looked at where constraints occurred (based on those shipper-supplied preferences), solved the largest constraints first, then ran second and third iterations to complete allocation. There were questions on the studies, what they show, what the assumptions are, etc., and in the end shippers believe they need information not shown by the completed studies. Shippers have requested six more allocation studies, showing possible impacts of seasonalization (winter and summer) and the difference between CD and Full Requirements Coincidental and Non Coincidental Peaks (winter and summer, 1995 - 2000). El Paso interprets its studies as showing that the proposed capacity allocation method is workable, and in fact results in 247 MMcf/d of unallocated capacity (230 MMcf coming from the Line 2000 expansion proposal, and an extra 17 MMcf). Shippers were skeptical of the "slack capacity" finding. Other Issues  ? Pooling: There was a small amount of discussion on the impact of moving from six to 20 pools. It was noted that this should be addressed with Order 637 issues, expeditiously after capacity allocation method is resolved. ? FR vs. CD: Though there were some FR vs. CD shippers discussions, they did not reflect the battle we see going on in the two complaints filed this summer by the TX, NM and AZ shippers (FR) and Aera Energy (CD shippers). There was also no mention of converting FR shippers to CD service. Note: never mentioned were the CD and FR complainants' proposals that El Paso (1) dedicate currently proposed expansions to existing shippers or (2) requiring mainline system expansion for existing service (RP01-484 and 486). ? Release shippers:  Shippers contracting for released capacity were concerned about how they would be allocated, as well as those shippers picking up turnback contracts from the pipeline (which would have receipt and delivery points already allocated). ? Receipt Point Designation:  The question was asked if shippers could designate specific receipt points rather than pools. When asked what Commission policy is on pools vs. receipt points, both shippers and Staff clarified that they are neither mutually exclusive nor to serve as substitutes for one another - both should be available. However, Staff noted that in the flexibility vs. reliability debate, it could be argued that El Paso should return to receipt point designation to maintain reliability. Procedure Going Forward  The primary issue here ended up being procedural. The procedural schedule is as follows: ? El Paso further studies and answers to questions posed at conference or in writing:   Sept. 24 ? Initial comments (on all capacity allocation issues and procedural recommendations): Oct. 15 ? Reply comments:  Oct. 26   <Sep> Subject :  FERC conference on El Paso capacity allocation (RP00-336) 
Email : Transwestern Denies Withheld Capacity to Boost Negotiated Deals  A Transwestern Pipeline executive yesterday dismissed allegations that the pipeline withheld firm transportation capacity bound for California from its recourse-rate shippers last winter in order to free up more capacity for contracts at substantially higher negotiated rates. Mary Kay Miller, vice president of rates and certificates, acknowledged Transwestern may have had discussions and exchanged faxes (prior to posting its available capacity) with two shippers -- Sempra Energy and Richardson Products II Ltd. -- that subsequently entered into negotiated-rate transactions. But she stressed that requests for capacity by Sempra Energy and Richardson were considered "moot" by the pipeline until after the available operational capacity was posted.   <Sep> Subject :  NGI Article on TW Hearing (After First Day) 
Email : Jennifer, attached is a summary model of the Ft. Pierce evaluation using Enron's curves. Please note that there are two scenarios provided, based on a best case and worst case pipeline demand charge scenario. The spread option model was dispatched based on the same assumptions as utilized by the gas group in developing their pipeline cost assumptions. I've tried to add notes to the models outlining potential areas of additional value as there are some unique characteristics of this deal that should provide additional value to the project. I'll be over to help review the cash flow model. Thanks for everyone's help (Edith/Charlie)   <Sep> Subject :  Ft. Pierce Evaluation 
Email : We are bringing in Associate Candidates for Super Saturday this upcoming weekend and we are looking for associates to help host our Saturday evening dinner at Teala's, 3210 West Dallas. The dinner will be from 6:00 p.m. - 8:30 p.m. If you are available to help out please email Dolores Muzzy. We will also have another Associate Super Saturday on the weekend of November 30th - December 2nd. We will be in need again of dinner host for the Saturday evening dinner. It will be at the same time and also at Teala's. If you are not available this weekend but would like to participate on the next Associate Super Saturday please email Dolores Muzzy as well. Thanks for your participation.   <Sep> Subject :  Associate Super Saturday 
Email : Howdy folks,  I'm looking at having our board of directors meeting on Saturday, Dec. 8. It will likely be at the same location as last time. Please let me know your thoughts on this date. Take care,  Bobby   <Sep> Subject :  board meeting 
Email : Sorry I did not get to call last night. I'll try tonight after 8:00. Can you please call Fidelity at 1-800-544-6666 and update my address? Your duplicate statements have been going to my old address in Austin. My  new address is 13006 Brayton Court, Houstno, TX 77065. You will also need to sell $2000 of stocks in your Bidwell account and make  your 2001 IRA  contribution to this IRA account as we have done the last  several years. We'll talk about what to sell later. Love,   <Sep> Subject :  Misc 
Email : Loftus,  Here's the file. If you break the date column up into three separate columns  for month, day, and year then you can use subtotals and/or pivot tables to  analyze the data a little more quickly and dynamically. For example, you  might want to look at the extremes or averages for any particular month or  year or whatever. I c an help you do this if you want. Remember that this  is a very limited data set statistically speaking, especially considering  that the last 3 winters were far above normal. If you want to investigate  what the possible extreme scenarios are based on past history then I can get  you the data for many decades further back if wish. Just let mw know. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Chicago Temps 
Email : SCHEDULE CHANGE  A&M athletic director Wally Groff has officially signed off on a football= =20 scheduling change for the 2001 season,  as the Aggies will now play at Wyoming on Thursday, Sept. 6. The move was made to accommodate the popular ESPN Thursday night college=20 football package. The game  between the Cowboys and Aggies was originally scheduled for Sept. 8. A&M, coming off a 7-5 season, will begin the 2001 campaign with a home game= =20 against McNeese State on Sept. 1, followed by the Wyoming game and an early Big 12 contest with Oklahoma Stat= e=20 Sept. 22 at Kyle Field. The much-anticipated game with Notre Dame at Kyle Field is set for Sept. 29= . In another scheduling quirk, A&M=01,s traditional late-September or October= =20 matchup with Texas Tech has been=20 moved to November, as the Aggies and Red Raiders will hook up on Nov. 3 in= =20 Lubbock. BAD TIME OF YEAR TO FLY TO LUBBOCK PLUS THAT'S OPENING ADY OF DEER SEASON= =20 .........   <Sep> Subject :  FYI 
Email : Can there not be an argument made to dive into TXN? It's trading at 25  forward P/E (2001) with a 5-year consensus growth rate of 24.2. A PEG of ~1  on a high quality stock with superior technology, good management, great  market position and tremendous long-term growth has got to be an opportunity,  right? What's your view? The technicals (MACD) are not great right now but I think fundamentally this  is a tremendous value long-term. It looks like the economy has really got  the brakes on now (too much) but wouldn't you expect the market to begin  pricing in rate cuts in 2001 pretty soon and an eventual return to high  growth in technology? I wouldn't touch any peripheral players but some of  the megacap stocks with great market positions, like TXN, are sure tempting. Nasdaq down 46% from its March high and not looking good at the open. This  could be a "buy while there is blood in the streets" opportunity.   <Sep> Subject :  TXN 
Email : Andrew,  Note conference room for our meeting today. I'm also attaching a brief  writeup of the deal so far from our perspective. You might want to review  before our meeting so you will know where our current understanding (or  misunderstanding :-)   )  of the deal currently is. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Stage Coach 
Email : Investing, One Stock=20 =20 Broad Horizons=20 =20 by Jeff Schlegel=20 =20 December 2000, "Worth" magazine=20 =20 Energy giant Enron is expanding its powerful trading platform into the hear= t=20 of the new economy.=20  =20 Enron (NYSE: ENE) President and Chief Operating Officer Jeffrey Skilling=20 hates his office, a spacious lair on the 50th floor of the energy company's= =20 downtown Houston headquarters overlooking the flat Texas terrain. To Skilling, its= =20 haughty vastness is a vestige of the old mind-set from the days when energy= =20 markets=20 were highly regulated. Instead, he prefers strolling through Enron's three= =20 commodity-trading floors =01* the company's nerve centers, where it buys an= d=20 sells products=20 ranging from natural gas to electricity to communications bandwidth. The=20 often casually dressed Skilling is clearly in his element talking with the= =20 traders. "That's=20 how you find out what's going on," he says. Skilling doesn't think like an old-line energy executive, nor does Enron ac= t=20 like an old-line energy company. With its eclectic product mix and strong= =20 online  presence, Enron has become a leader of a new breed of energy company tryin= g=20 to capitalize on deregulation. The ongoing unshackling of the natural gas= =20 and electric power markets that began in the mid-1980s has left both=20 industries in a tizzy: A dearth of new power supplies, combined with=20 insatiable demand,=20 has jacked up gas and electric prices and put the squeeze on suppliers and= =20 their customers. That suits Enron just fine. New Economy Initiatives The company, which 10 years ago earned some 80 percent of its profits from= =20 its regulated gas-pipeline business, has become the nation's largest buyer  and seller of natural gas and electric power and has pioneered a powerful= =20 trading platform to make effective markets in both commodities. But what ha= s=20 really electrified Wall Street during the past year are Enron's new-economy= =20 initiatives. First, it launched EnronOnline, an Internet-based energy-tradi= ng=20 system, in November 1999. By mid-October 2000, the new venture had executed= =20 more than 350,000 transactions with a gross value totaling $183 billion.=20 Next it unveiled its strategy to become a dominant broadband player by both= =20 delivering content along its own sizable fiber-optic network and trading  bandwidth as a commodity. The nascent broadband services group had $345=20 million in revenue for the first nine months of this year. Although energy remains Enron's main source of revenue and earnings,=20 management believes the growth of the Internet will enable the company to t= ap  into new markets. "In five years, we will be a substantially different=20 company," says chairman and Chief Executive Kenneth Lay. "Underlying=20 everything we=20 do is the ability to make markets more efficient." Along with bandwidth,=20 Enron has added such mundane commodities as steel, and pulp and paper to it= s=20 trading platform, which will soon include such esoteric fare as DRAM chips= =20 and data storage. "Trading is the ultimate scalable concept," adds Skilling= .=20 "We're  using the same computer systems, processes, controls and people. The=20 potential to expand into new markets is almost unlimited." Investors have bought into Enron's vision and sent its shares soaring, whic= h=20 at a recent price of $80 were up 85 percent since the beginning of 2000. Th= e=20 big  question, of course, is how much of that euphoria is already built into=20 Enron's stock price and what happens if the company's broadband strategy=20 doesn't=20 unfold as quickly =01* or become as huge =01* as the company anticipates. "We are a unique company with a unique set of skills that are perfectly=20 suited for the changing economy." =01* Jeff Skilling, President and COO, Enron  Company Culture Enron is a company that firmly believes in itself and its mission. From=20 management down, employees have little doubt that they're creating=20 revolutionary  new businesses. This strong sense of purpose is evident everywhere at=20 Enron's headquarters, where throughout the day workers eagerly stop by a=20 ticker-tape kiosk in the main lobby to check on Enron's stock price. Management Ken Lay, 57, assumed the top job at Enron in February 1986, not long after= =20 the company was formed by the merger of Internorth and Houston Natural Gas,= =20 where he had been chairman and CEO. The two pipeline companies had joined= =20 forces to compete better as the wholesale natural gas market was being deregulated. In the past, government authorities set the price that utiliti= es=20 could charge for gas, and customers were bound by rigid, long-term contract= s.=20 But=20 with deregulation, the market determines energy prices, and both suppliers= =20 and consumers have more flexibility in how they buy and deliver goods. The  new Enron moved swiftly to cash in on these changing dynamics by creating = a=20 trading platform to bring together buyers and sellers. Enron repeated the= =20 process with electricity when the government began deregulating that market= =20 in the 1990s. Lay has long been hailed as Enron's visionary, but COO Skilling is no slouc= h.=20 "Jeff is one of the brightest and most creative people I've ever known," sa= ys=20 Lay,=20 who began working with him in the mid-1980s when Skilling was a McKinsey=20 consultant helping Enron develop its gas-trading system. "I've made it clea= r=20 for  some time that he's my successor." The 46-year-old Skilling, who officiall= y=20 joined Enron in 1990, likes to toss around words like awesome and cool when  describing the company's business. Lay's language is slightly less colorfu= l=20 but no less enthusiastic when the CEO is talking about Enron's future. Lay and Skilling both agree that the best ideas often come up from the=20 bottom. "We've flattened the organization, made it more entrepreneurial, an= d=20 developed a culture to take risks and try new ideas," Lay says. Take Michae= l=20 Moulton, 30, who is working in Enron's pulp-and-paper trading unit. Moulton= =20 came up with the notion to make markets in DRAM chips, and when the new <Sep> Subject :  Enron Article 
Email : I bought it at 41 and 42 ovver the last week and it's looking good. I bought  them based on industry, strategy, and PEG. Check it out.   <Sep> Subject :  CPN 
Email : Doug,  This note is just to confirm my voicemail message this morning  indicating  that the charges for the Fuel Oil sample check for vanadium should be charged  to Co# 0413, RC # 106230. According to the spec sheet I have, the ASTM  method for vanadium is D3605 and the units of measurement are ppm (wt). Again, I appreciate your patience in this frustrating issue. Charlie   <Sep> Subject :  Fuel Oil Sample 
Email : Vince,   Mr. Horn's request has been taken care of. He has the data he wanted and  knows how to call it up on his Bloomberg terminal in the future. Charlie   <Sep> Subject :  Bloomberg Request 
Email : I am writing to inform you that the deadline for your offer of employment  from Enron has been extended until January 2, 2001. More information will  follow between now and then. If you have any questions regarding this  extension, please call me at 1-800-97ENRON (extension 57229) or Kristin Gandy  at extension 53214. Thank You,   <Sep> Subject :  Enron Offer Deadline Extension 
Email : Dr. Wilkens,  Thank you for your time and advice. I would appreciate if you would be able  to provide me with contact information for Dr. Jim Jones at the University of  Florida as well as Dr. Joe Ritchie, per your offer to do so. Thanks again,   <Sep> Subject :  DSSAT 
Email : Bill,  I enjoyed talking with you about our potential software needs. It sounds  like you may have something to offer in which we are interested, and we are  looking forward to a visit from you or one of your representatives in early  January. If you want to contact me, I can be reached at 713-345-7229 or by  reply to this E-mail. Thank You,   <Sep> Subject :  Agricultural Modeling Software 
Email : Jonathan,  Hope you had a good Thanksgiving weekend. I'd like to catch up with you  today if possible regarding recruiting etc. Can I reach you by phone. If  so, where? You can call me toll free at 1-800-97-ENRON and follow the menu. My  extension is X57229 or you can use the voice activated system. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Misc 
Email : This is an excerpt from an internal Weather Channel (Landmark Communications)  newsletter.....   BLIZZARDS PRODUCE HIGH RATINGS FOR WEATHER CHANNEL, RECORD PAGE VIEWS More people turned to The Weather Channel instead of their local TV affiliates to get news about this week's blizzards in Chicago and Detroit, and nearly 25 million viewers - a record - went to  weather.com to follow the storms. In a survey by Survey USA, 25 percent of TV viewers said they found out about the blizzard from The Weather Channel, compared with 17 percent who watched their local NBC affiliate station, and 12 percent who tuned into a local radio station for news. TWC also was the winner - at 30 percent - with those who said the weather network did the best job of covering the storm. Another 16 percent said their NBC affiliate did the best job, and 13 percent said Chicago and Detroit CBS affiliates were tops. A record number of pageviews - 24.6 million - were recorded at weather.com. TWC produced a 6 a.m. to 12 p.m. rating of 0.751 on Monday, delivering an average of 586,000 households. This performance is well over twice the average December monthly rating to date. Kansas City and St. Louis recorded the highest metered market ratings during the blizzard, followed by Detroit. The Chicago rating also was within the top 10.   <Sep> Subject :  FYI - Weather Channel Ratings 
Email : Had a great time this weekend. I'm sure glad that Travis got another good  buck under his belt. I think he is now ready to move it up a notch on the  next deer and if everything stays good at the ranch then it should be pretty  possible next year. I was also wondering if you and Mama talked about paying Melissa for her  painting. Mama mentioned to Melissa that she "owed" her but nothing more  than that. She worked for no less than 20 hours and was disappointed that  she would not be able to do the rest of the house as we really need the  money. Our negative checking balance needs some injection of cash and  Melissa had hoped to use the money to buy a few things for Christmas this  week as well. If you haven't already, I'm sure that you can broach the  subject with Mama without letting her know that I asked. Anyway,  Melissa really wanted to be able to paint more and is upset that she  wasn't able to "prove" to Mama that she is willing and able to work hard. She still gets those not so subtle jabs all the time from Mama about not  working outside the home. For the record, she busts her ass keeping our  house clean, clothes washed and ironed, meals cooked, and doing lots of  things to make sure we have a happy, healthy, and well adjusted son. If  there is a way (later) that you can subtly encourage Mama to hold back on  these jabs when we next visit, it will go a long way toward ensuring a good  Christmas for everyone. Anyway, definitely keep all of this confidential between me and you. There  is no major problem here but I wanted to check off with you on this so we can  help keep everything going smooth and folks getting along. I'm sure you see  my point of view here. Thanks!   <Sep> Subject :  Misc 
Email : Shares of Enron Corp. (NYSE: ENE - Quotes, News, Boards) were smacked around  again yesterday, following close on the heels of seven-session decline that  sent the stock down more than 13 points, or 16%, from its recent high of  $84.63 (December 28), all amid uncertainty and considerable volatility. The pullback doesn't appear to be company-specific exactly, although the  rumblings in a certain geographic region, namely California, are triggering  aftershocks  throughout the U.S. energy community. As we outlined in a report on January 4, the energy situation in California  has rapidly reached crisis proportions. Strict environmental legislation and  the uncertain  profit potential post-deregulation has kept utilities from installing  sufficient generating capacity in the state over the last 10 years. The state's two major utilities, PG&E Corp. (NYSE: PCG - Quotes, News,  Boards) and Edison International (NYSE: EIX - Quotes, News, Boards) , are  facing the  prospect of eventual insolvency due to the spiraling costs of electricity  purchased on the open market. However, the rates the utilities can charge  their customers  for power represent a fraction of the costs that prevailed during the  gradual rollout of full-scale deregulation. The risks to Enron are two-fold. For one, the crisis in California may result in a default of payments to the  state's major wholesale energy providers, including Enron. Although the  company does  operate in California, the bottom-line impact would likely be shielded to a  considerable degree because of Enron's size, strength, and diversified global  revenue  streams. In addition, Enron would likely be high on the list of default  payees given its importance to future wholesale energy supplies in the  region. More significantly, investors are concerned that California legislators may  pull the plug on deregulation entirely, or at least until the current crisis  abates. Some also  fear this mess might derail utility deregulation in other states as  regulators and politicians alike become fearful of adverse and unintended  economic consequences. Neither scenario is probable. For one thing, the airline industry was  deregulated in fits and starts, with plenty of mistakes and recrimination  along the way. And a  strong argument can be made that the shortage of electric power would have  pressured rates sharply higher even in a fully regulated environment. The California Public Utility Commission will attempt to decide the best  course of action this week. It appears inevitable that, regardless of PG&E  and Edison's  ultimate fate, the state's energy consumers will likely absorb much of the  burden through an increase in the prevailing rate cap. Enron has also fallen victim to the rotation out of strong defensive stocks  on the heels of the Federal Reserve's unexpected interest-rate cuts last  week. The initial  euphoria has waned, however, upon the realization that the sharp rate cuts  will serve to offset what appears to be a rapid rate of erosion in domestic  economic  growth, rather than generating a rebound in economic activity. As a result,  we expect investors once again to seek the shelter of well-capitalized  defensive plays  like Enron. We would emphasize that several factors that weigh in Enron's favor have been  overlooked amid the California crisis. The November-December period was  18% colder than normal and the second-coldest start to the winter months in  the past 50 years. Coupled with an uncertain supply situation, particularly  in natural  gas, Enron stands to profit handsomely from energy volatility and pricing, an  environment that is likely to exist for at least the next 12 months. In addition, Enron's diversification into still more new avenues of growth  help to insulate the company from additional challenges of this sort in the  future. The  markets for EnronOnline, a real-time commodities exchange vehicle, and  Enron's broadband services unit are expected to at least triple over the next  year. An eventual inflection point in the groups' profitability would serve to send  profits measurably higher in the long term. Despite the recent turmoil, Enron's consensus earnings estimate for 2001,  according to First Call, has come down a mere penny, to $1.65 a share. Although the  stock's rich price/earnings multiple of 43 times may aggravate its near-term  volatility, the absence of a complete collapse of the stock indicates the  market  approves of Enron's maneuvers so far and is confident in its prospects going  forward   <Sep> Subject :  Enron 
Email : We'll get pointed questions related to Europe and broadband thanks to Steve Bergstrom. Suggest we answer that we feel confident that the first mover advantage will give us superior returns in the long run. USA: INTERVIEW-Dynegy feels gradual approach in Europe vindicated. By Andrew Kelly  10/15/2001 Reuters English News Service (C) Reuters Limited 2001. HOUSTON, Oct 15 (Reuters) - Natural gas and power marketer Dynegy Inc. said on Monday it felt vindicated in its step-by-step approach to building a business in Europe in view of recent retrenchments by rival Houston-based companies. Dynegy recently opened an office in Madrid to market natural gas, electricity and derivatives. Spain is the fifth country in continental Europe where Dynegy has set up an office since it started up its European operations in Britain in 1994. By contrast Enron Corp. has recently announced plans to cut staffing at its European operations by 5 percent to 10 percent amid concerns about slow and piecemeal progress toward deregulation of European natural gas and electricity markets. "Enron threw 800 bodies at it and tried to do it in a hurry. We've been going at it much more slowly because we thought it would take some time," Dynegy President and Chief Operating Officer Steve Bergstrom told Reuters in an interview. Another Dynegy rival, Reliant Resources Inc., said last month it was considering a possible sale of its electricity generation business in the Netherlands. "Reliant bought one utility in one country and realized that's not really the way to enter the market in Europe," Bergstrom said of the move which cost Reliant $2.4 billion. Bergstrom said his own company differed with Enron and Reliant in the execution of its entry into the European market, rather than in its assessment of the market's potential. "We've gone at this much more cautiously. We've made sure that we staff it appropriately for the market timing and we think we've done it the right way," he said. Bergstrom said there were similar differences between Dynegy and Enron's approach to the broadband telecommunications market where Enron has also cut jobs after admitting that it probably overestimated the market's short-term potential. "They're having to retrench, but you're not hearing them give up on the telecommunications business. Our cost structure is so much less than theirs, that's why we're a lot more optimistic, because they have to go through cutting a bunch of costs whereas we never added those costs," he said. Dynegy reported on Monday its third-quarter net earnings rose 62 percent as its wholesale energy business nearly doubled its returns. Dynegy has said it expects its broadband business, created late last year, to generate a positive net income next year. The business posted a $15 million loss in the third quarter of 2001. Dynegy's Chief Executive Officer Chuck Watson told analysts in a conference call on Monday that the unit's revenues had doubled in the latest quarter to $8 million. "We believe the industry touched the bottom in this communications market in the third quarter, with bandwidth demand picking up sharply in the foreseeable future," Watson said. Copyright ? 2000 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.   <Sep> Subject :  Reuters story on Dynegy 3Q earnings 
Email : All,   Attached, for your information,  is a 2 page financial and statistical fact sheet for EGM (as a consolidated unit and for each business unit). I obviously would have liked our gross margin and EBIT to be a lot larger but all the other facts show enormous growth and progress. I wanted to at least get it into your hands in case you needed a quick reference. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  EGM Q3 fact sheet 
Email : In the wake of US and British military action in Afghanistan, Washington has become increasingly concerned about the potential for a major military conflict between Pakistan and India, according to a high level US intelligence official, and the control of nuclear weapons in the region is being monitored. There is also fear for instability in Saudi Arabia, where little information is available about the capabilities and intentions of Islamic extremist elements. Consensus opinion has been built in Washington that Iraq was involved in the 11 September terrorist attacks on the US, exacerbating fears that the situation in the region could spiral out of control. According to a senior US intelligence official, US policymakers have become increasingly concerned about the prospects for instability in the Middle East and South Asia. Washington is focused particularly on the potential for a major conflict between Pakistan and India, and intelligence officials are attempting to track the location and control of nuclear weapons in the region. Secretary of State Powell's trip to the two countries, although portrayed publicly as part of the effort to ensure support for US military action in Afghanistan, is in fact intended to address tensions between Islamabad and New Delhi, which have grown in recent days. (India shelled several Pakistani military outposts in the disputed Kashmir territory today; an Indian army general described it as a "punitive action.") Washington is also significantly more concerned than media coverage would suggest over the potential for major unrest in Saudi Arabia. This fear is heightened by a lack of detailed information available on the royal family's grip on power and the capabilities of Islamic extremist elements in Saudi Arabia, which share similar goals: removal of the Saudi dynasty, establishment of a true Islamic state, and the removal of the US military presence. Saudi and US officials regard bin Ladin as one of the prime perpetrators of Islamic extremist violence in Saudi Arabia and elsewhere in the region. Bin Ladin has been outspoken in his criticism of what he calls 'military occupation' of Saudi Arabia. Unrest in Saudi Arabia could have a relatively dramatic impact on regional stability and the global economy because of its leading role both in the Arab world and in OPEC. US government officials are now generally convinced that the Iraqi government played a role in supporting the 11 September terrorist strikes in the US. The well-publicized difference of opinion between senior State and Defense Department officials over the handling of the Iraq question has been reported accurately in the media. Concern is growing within Washington that the situation in the Middle East could spiral out of control if Iraq were drawn into the military conflict precipitously, if major hostilities between Pakistan and India were to break out, or if the Saudi royal family's grip on power were to loosen.   <Sep> Subject :  Increasing Washington Concerns over Potential Instability in  Pakistan, India, and Saudi Arabia 
Email : Recently, EPI completed the sale of Enron's remaining equity ownership in Hanover Compressor. I want to thank Dick Lydecker and Mark Meier, who managed the sale of this investment for their very effective effort. The total proceeds from the sale over the last 3 months totals $107 million. The total return on the $30 million Hanover Compressor investment, was nearly $150 million (excluding substantial profits from other financing transactions with Hanover). Kevin Howard and others have played an important role in this investment over the last several years. The exit used a proprietary and confidential structure executed by Bear Stearns. It is a true sale and there will be no remaining structures by the end of the year. Our exit has not been made public. This completes part of a continuous effort by EPI to sale many of Enron's remaining equity investment positions. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Sale of Hanover Compressor Position 
Email : The following three products will begin trading today on Dynegydirect. Please take a few moments to add them to your trading floor. US  NG  BasisSwp  EP SJuan  Dec01-Mar02  Usd/MMBtu US  NG  BasisSwp  NWPL Rky  Dec01-Mar02  Usd/MMBtu US  NG  FP Swap  Nymex  Dec01-Mar02  Usd/MMBtu   Dynegydirect  e-Care Dynegy Inc. 1000 Louisiana, Suite 5800 Houston, Texas 77002   <Sep> Subject :  New Products on Dynegydirect 
Email : Ken  I understand a Turkish industrialist named Nuri ?olakoglu has been in contact with you through Bill Miller and possibly Jerry Giest. Colakoglu is an extremely wealthy and well regarded Turkish industrialist who has aggressively expanded into the Turkish energy sector. We have had a number of meetings with Colakoglu over the years and although we appreciate his potential prospects for the future we do not see a win-win opporutnity with his organization at this time. We expect he may try and contact you so wanted to let you know in advnace the background on his proposal. Colakoglu has proposed that, in order to manage our Trakya payment issue, Enron utilize the Arcos turbines to build, on balance sheet, a 1200 MW power plant at the tailgate of his recently completed specualtive LNG regas facility in Turkey. The plant would be part of a comprehensive proposal to the Turkish Ministry of Energy and Natural Resources to reduce the prices at Trakya, in exchange for an agreement by TETTA? (the new Turkish power trading company resulting from the split up of TEA?, the former electricity monopoly) to purchase power from the new facility. All three plants would be fuelled by LNG provided by Enron and tolled through the Colakoglu's regas facility. In essence, Nuri wants us to build a power station as soon as possible to use the capacity at his LNG terminal which is now idle and has the potential to be a white elephant. Our team has explained to Colakoglu  that they thought the fact that the proposal relied totally on TETTA? 's credit was fatal, but that they would discuss it with EEL management. Lloyd Wantschek has responded to Colakoglu in the attached letter (we have highlighted the relevant portion for your information).   <Sep> Subject :  Turkish industrialist Nuri Coalkoglu 
Email : Liz, Greg told me on thurs to contact you regarding if he had anytime on tues aftn. If he even has 15 min that woud suit as I'm just want to bounce some two or three ideas off him. Greg,  If you have sometime to comment in writing or if you want to have a brief meeting on tues aftn I would appreciate it. I am seeking your guidance as a mentor not as a manager. 1)  The group is trying something that it would seem only Morgan Stanley has achieved. We want to be a trader and marketer of both physical oil and financial derivatives. I liked the sound of this one year ago but thinking now we need to develop a franchise in one first rather than trying to do both in tandem. 2)  Jeff would like to see this group move away from 'view' trading to 'flow' trading. I'm not convinced this is the right direction given our lack of existing customer business and traders with experience trading in this manner. we seem to be taking a bunch of hockey players and asking them to go play basketball. If we are going to go this course I would like some advise on trying to convince people to change and we need to think about the cost of changing the group to go this route. 3)  I feel we should stick to improving our fundamental analysis and working on developing a greater physical presence. The approach to achieving that physical presense should come through aggressive pricing of physical supply to major consumers. This is the only group that at a price will willingly outsource their oil exposure. We should still work on trying to adapt to being more of a flow shop and develop customer business but not make it our top priority.   <Sep> Subject :  next tues 
Email : Greg,  I've been helping the HR team draft this memo. Cindy asked that I run it by you prior to having it sent out. Any comments? As we continue to address a number of issues facing Enron, it is critical that the company remain focused on attracting, motivating and retaining our diverse and talented workforce. We strongly believe that our workforce is world-class - the best in any industry, so we will continue to develop and reward this tremendous talent base. Because the lasting strength of our company is determined by the strength of our workforce, we are elevating the role employee-focused functions play within Enron. We are pleased to announce that effective immediately Human Resources, Employee Responsibility, and Executive and Corporate Compensation will report directly to the Office of the Chairman. David Oxley, Vice President, will continue to oversee Enron's Global HR function. The lead HR representatives for the individual business units will report to David in addition to their respective Office of the Chairman. Besides managing Recruiting, Staffing, Training, Compensation and the Performance Evaluation Process, David will also add Payroll and Labor Relations to his list of responsibilities. Cindy Olson, Executive Vice President, will have responsibility for Employee Relations and Corporate Responsibility, which includes Social Responsibility, Community Relations, Diversity, Employee Relations, Redeployment, Alumni Relations, Employee Events and Programs, Benefits, Wellness, and Worklife. Mary Joyce, Vice President, will continue to have responsibility for Executive and Corporate Compensation in addition to Global Employee Information Management and Reporting and Analysis. David, Cindy and Mary will each report to the Office of the Chairman. A detailed organizational chart is attached. Please join me in congratulating them on their new responsibilities.   <Sep> Subject :  Organizational Announcement 
Email : Hi Greg,  Whassup? I tried to contact you recently via your personal e-mail address, and then by sending you a letter, but got no reply. I guess your admin staff has you behind their firewall..;~). Hey, I'm working temorarily on a project here in Dallas until X-Mas, and just talked with Woody Woodmansee this morning. He gave me your work address. Said he spoke to you when you were in London recently. We outta try to hook-up sometime while I'm here in Texas. Please send me an e-mail or give me a call sometime, when you've got a free moment. I'm looking forward to hearing from you... Thanks,   Alex   <Sep> Subject :  Hey Beast-Barracks-Buddy...!!! 
Email : Attached for your review is the current agenda for the Management Conference. While there are a few remaining speaking slots to be filled, I wanted to give you each an opportunity to comment on it. We plan to send an email invitation to Enron management early next week with a link to an online registration website. The agenda will appear on the website. Also, please note that each of you are scheduled to speak at the conference. This is in direct response to feedback received after last year's conference that attendees want to hear more from Enron leadership. I'll be working with Steve Kean and his team over the next few weeks to develop potential messages. Steve, Cindy and I will schedule time with each of you to discuss proposed messages for your individual presentations. I look forward to any feedback on the agenda. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Current Enron Management Conference Agenda 
Email : Attached is a revised draft of the letter from Ken Lay to employees about the healthcare benefits plan. Specifically, this letter points out that Enron has elected not to increase medical costs for employees this year, but emphasizes that employees should plan for increased costs next year. The letter will be part of an Open Enrollment package that employees will receive at their homes. Please forward comments on the letter to me or Mikie Rath.   <Sep> Subject :  CEO Letter - Open Enrollment Package 
Email : Hello Greg--A belated congrats on the new post at Enron--We had, as you probably read, a sort of pool going about who would get tagged for the big desk-- Most of the emails we received offering their thoughts on the question seems to favor you--most were also fmr Enron traders and the like. I had to chuckle about the stories that ran about you in the past few weeks--you must be tired of the tanker reference by now. I seem to recall the last time we traded emails and calls was around the time you took over the wholesale group--most of the stories at that time were equally clever--"he should know about volitility, he used to drive a tank in germany...blah blah blah. Anyhow, hope all is well chief, would like to do an interview at some point, for either The Desk or The Risk Desk. Your call. By the way, who is the nominal head of the bandwidth desk these days--hawthorne?   <Sep> Subject :  congrats 
Email : The Commission discussed its market based rate policy at today's meeting. They did not vote out an order today, but expect to take up this issue again next meeting. The staff memo recommended the following:  For an interim period, FERC will deal with pending requests for market based rates and with triennial reviews of those rate authorizations, using a new test called the "Supply Margin Assessment" (also called a jazzed up version of the hub and spoke test) where a seller's capacity will be reviewed against the generation reserve margin in a market. The test takes into account constraints based on TTC. If the capacity of a seller is not necessary to meet peak demand,the seller does not have market power. This test is applicable to all markets that are not part of an existing RTO or ISO. For those selling into an RTO/ISO, the FERC will continue to allow market based rates subject to the market monitor and mitigation. Staff also recommends that FERC initiate a Section 206 investigation to require each seller with market based rate authority to change its tariff by adding a provision stating that if the seller acts in an anticompetitive manner, the FERC can require refunds. Through questioning by Commissioner Massey, it was revealed that, even if a seller did not engage in bad behavior, but sold into a disfunctional market, refunds could be required. In the staff memo, apparently staff had left vague the definition of anticompetitive behavior in order to be able to interpret it most broadly. However, Commissioners asked staff to better define the anticompetitive actions that could trigger refunds. This policy will be brought up again at the next Commission meeting on October 11. It will be issued as a proposed action, giving parties an opportunity to comment within 15 days and then also file reply comments,  Final action is expected within 60-90 days. Last, for the long-term, FERC will hold outreach meetings looking for answers as to how to detect market power and what to do when it is detected. Since the interim measure is only a "snapshot" approach according to Commissioner Massey, he is willing to support it only along with the above described tariff provision. Commissioner Breathitt is very uncomfortable with an open refund requirement, stating that it adds to regulatory uncertainty at a time when the Commission is most interested in giving certainty to the industry in order to assure reliability.   <Sep> Subject :  FERC Meeting:  Market Based Rate Review 
Email : First, good luck next week. Also, I will be in the office all next week and if you need anything, ENW related or not, call me or have someone call me and I will help. I am focused on making sure EOL and ENW do not pop up on your list of things to think about. Webb and Richter have been told that EOL up and performing well is critical. As you know, the trade counts looked good last week and Jay and Brad have been getting data to Louise on the specifics of certain counterparties, etc.   <Sep> Subject :  next week 
Email : The Enron Management Conference will be held Wednesday through Friday, November 14-16, 2001, at the Westin La Cantera Resort in San Antonio. While the business agenda is still being finalized, there is one thing that is certain ... we want to inject some humor into the event. The past year has been eventful, and at times challenging, for Enron and its employees. However, it's not in Enron's corporate fabric to focus on the past. Instead, we want to look ahead, and even laugh at ourselves. The Management Conference will provide a platform for just that. We want to challenge each of the business units to develop and submit a humorous "Home Video" to be presented at the Management Conference. The video can address any Enron-related topic that your business unit chooses. However, there are a few rules to follow. 1.) The videos should be no more than five minutes long. 2.) Business units should spend as little as possible on the videos, and no more than $10,000. Innovision Communications (Beth Stier) has agreed to work with any business unit to help them create an original, inexpensive video. Innovision can be contacted at 713-446-4424. 3.) The videos should be fun, but not disparaging. They should adhere to Enron's values of respect, integrity, communication and excellence. 4.) By Monday, October 15, business units need to notify me of their intention to submit a video. To avoid duplication, business units will also need to identify a topic they intend to address. 5.) To ensure inclusion in the Management Conference agenda, videos need to be submitted to me by Friday, November 9. 6.) Awards will be given for creativity and humor. The first annual, and soon-to-be-coveted, "Enny" will also be awarded for "Best Overall Video." If you have any questions about the "Home Video" project, please contact myself or Mary Clark.   <Sep> Subject :  Enron Management Conference - Home Video Project 
Email : Here is my initial perspective. I am still waiting for call backs on some information. Bull Case Best positioned among emerging backbone carriers Core network build done Cash EBITDA positive (adjusted for IRU sales) Broad network coverage Reasonable liquidity: $2.6B forecast YE01 Potential upside $21   Bear Case: Extreme capacity supply/demand imbalance Pricing pressure, no apparent elasticity Low visibility in IRU and dark fiber sales business (28% revenue) $9B debt & pref Hard to make a constructive case on demand in intermediate term Potential issue with cash movement between Parent and Subs, covenant test Seems fairly valued on peer group risk-adjusted basis, absolute fair value $6  Conclusion: Debt yielding 23%, why would you buy equity? Probability of recap: 50% Chance of survival without restructuring: 25%  If a proposed deal involved some cash exchange for equity upside I would be hard pressed to recommend that transaction. I don't understand all the dynamics of a deal so if you want me to do any more in-depth work let me know. I will pass on the additional information as I get it. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  View on Global Crossing 
Email : Greg and Mark:  Attached is a draft of the very short story that will accompany your profiles in Enron Business. (PR management has approved.) The purpose is simply to introduce you and quickly address the issue that's on everyone's mind, the stock price. Please review your individual quotes and let me know if you have any revisions as soon as possible. The quotes were extracted from your interviews with us a few weeks ago. If I have not heard back from you by the end of the day tomorrow, I'll assume it's OK to print as is. Thanks again for taking the time to meet with us. Warm regards and cheers,   <Sep> Subject :  Enron Business Article 
Email : Sorry for the late notice. Enclosed is an invitation to all West Point alumnae to join The Academy Network breakfast tomorrow morning at 7:00 a.m. at the Houston Metropolitan Raquet Club. This is an excellent opportunity to get acquainted with graduates from all academies who are interested in helping one another promote their businesses. I look forward to seeing many of you tomorrow morning! This is a reminder for the TAN G to G business breakfast, Friday September 21, 2001 at 7:00 AM at the Houstonian Metropolitan Racquet Club. RSVP <mailto:mortega@hdinc.com> via e-mail is appreciated. The agenda for the meeting is as follows:  0700-0730 Coffee      Open  0730-0745 Walk through the Breakfast buffet  Open  Introductions-Acknowledgements-Requests  Tom Solomon 0745-0800 Business Intro     TBA 0800-0815 Business Intro     TBA 0815-0825 Update on ABE     Everyone 0825-0830 Wrap up-agenda next meeting  Tom Solomon  0830 Adjournment      Tom Solomon   We need two more volunteers to present their businesses and requests to the group for the October Breakfast meeting. Please email Tom Solomon <mailto:tsolomon@tomsolomon.com> if you can be a presenter. First come first serve! Please pass along to any fellow academy graduate that would be interesting in attending. For clarifications, this breakfast is FREE for all first time nonmembers/visitors. A nominal charge of $10 for second time visitors and regular membership is to cover the cost of the breakfast and the meeting room. Metropolitan Racquet Club -- directions   <Sep> Subject :  Academy Networking Breakfast Meeting Tomorrow 
Email : Attached is a draft of our proposed EGS 'Organization Changes' announcement and organization chart for your review and comments by COB Friday, September 21. I am anticipating on distributing this communication Monday afternoon, September 24. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  DRAFT - EGS ORGANIZATION CHANGES MEMORANDUM AND ORG CHART 
Email : Greg,  As you asked, I have taken a quick look at Global Crossing. I think it is a close call, but they certainly have a decent shot of making it (by "making it" I mean the equity will have value and the company will not be restructured through bankruptcy). Their assets, customers, and cash might marginally outweigh the debt load that the company has. Most importantly, they definitely have a currency (Global Crossing stock) that has more value than anything in EBS. If there is a potential deal to contribute assets of EBS into Global Crossing in exchange for equity, then I would recommend pursuing it even if it means contributing up to $100 million in cash to get it done. However, I would make sure that Enron has no more contingent liabilities, consolidated burn or cash commitments. The real question is will Global Crossing want what we have at any price. I suspect that once they perform due diligence, they will "run away" (just as the knights did when faced with the killer rabbit in Monte Python's Search for the Holy Grail). Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Assessment of Global Crossing 
Email : Greg,  Below are a list of economists that we may want to consider for the Management Conference. You may have thoughts or insights on one or more of them. I've looked into Robert Rubins, but he is not accepting speaking engagements at the present time. Of those listed below, I like Todd Buchholz, William Freund, Ron Insana and Paul Volcker. (I really like Louis Rukeyser, but he's very expensive.) I welcome your input on this. I'm going to begin checking availability on those I mentioned tomorrow. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Economists for the Management Conference 
Email : Dear All, The business units are operating on a lean G&A budget and cut costs whenever we can and making sure that we are efficient. Are there any initiative to do likewise for all corp functions? As an accountant in the business unit, we received corp allocations. The total for corp was more than $700MM. This, of course, excludes Enron Net Work, Enron Property, and Global Finance, which if we include those, the G&A to Enron could well be over $1Billion (not counting the business units G&A). The number just blew me away. I think we need to make sure all functions are needed and are run efficiently. We cannot say it's OK just because we can allocate to the business units because the business units may not receive benefits for these costs. We sure don't want Enron, as a whole, to be growing so fat and so fast that it will hurt our bottom line. I'm sorry if I'm out of line, but I really do care about Enron and am very proud to be its employee. Thank you for your time.   <Sep> Subject :  cost cutting measures - from an Employee/shareholder point of view 
Email : Liz,  Below is a memo to be distributed to Enron worldwide from the Office of the Chairman of Enron Corp. Please ask Greg to review and approve. After his approval, would you please make arrangements for its distribution. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Enron Principal Investments - Organizational Memo 
Email : President Bush spoke to the nation and the world on Friday, September 14, 2001, during the National Day of Prayer and Remembrance for the Victims of the Terrorist Attacks. The National Cathedral Washington, D.C. 1:00 P.M. EDT, September 14, 2001  THE PRESIDENT:  We are here in the middle hour of our grief. So many have suffered so great a loss, and today we express our nation's sorrow. We come before God to pray for the missing and the dead, and for those who love them. On Tuesday, our country was attacked with deliberate and massive cruelty. We have seen the images of fire and ashes, and bent steel. Now come the names, the list of casualties we are only beginning to read. They are the names of men and women who began their day at a desk or in an airport, busy with life. They are the names of people who faced death, and in their last moments called home to say, be brave, and I love you. They are the names of passengers who defied their murderers, and prevented the murder of others on the ground. They are the names of men and women who wore the uniform of the United States, and died at their posts. They are the names of rescuers, the ones whom death found running up the stairs and into the fires to help others. We will read all these names. We will linger over them, and learn their stories, and many Americans will weep. To the children and parents and spouses and families and friends of the lost, we offer the deepest sympathy of the nation. And I assure you, you are not alone. Just three days removed from these events, Americans do not yet have the distance of history. But our responsibility to history is already clear: to answer these attacks and rid the world of evil. War has been waged against us by stealth and deceit and murder. This nation is peaceful, but fierce when stirred to anger. This conflict was begun on the timing and terms of others. It will end in a way, and at an hour, of our choosing. Our purpose as a nation is firm. Yet our wounds as a people are recent and unhealed, and lead us to pray. In many of our prayers this week, there is a searching, and an honesty. At St. Patrick's Cathedral in New York on Tuesday, a woman said, "I prayed to God to give us a sign that He is still here." Others have prayed for the same, searching hospital to hospital, carrying pictures of those still missing. God's signs are not always the ones we look for. We learn in tragedy that his purposes are not always our own. Yet the prayers of private suffering, whether in our homes or in this great cathedral, are known and heard, and understood. There are prayers that help us last through the day, or endure the night. There are prayers of friends and strangers that give us strength for the journey. And there are prayers that yield our will to a will greater than our own. This world He created is of moral design. Grief and tragedy and hatred are only for a time. Goodness, remembrance, and love have no end. And the Lord of life holds all who die, and all who mourn. It is said that adversity introduces us to ourselves. This is true of a nation as well. In this trial, we have been reminded, and the world has seen, that our fellow Americans are generous and kind, resourceful and brave. We see our national character in rescuers working past exhaustion; in long lines of blood donors; in thousands of citizens who have asked to work and serve in any way possible. And we have seen our national character in eloquent acts of sacrifice. Inside the World Trade Center, one man who could have saved himself stayed until the end at the side of his quadriplegic friend. A beloved priest died giving the last rites to a firefighter. Two office workers, finding a disabled stranger, carried her down sixty-eight floors to safety. A group of men drove through the night from Dallas to Washington to bring skin grafts for burn victims. In these acts, and in many others, Americans showed a deep commitment to one another, and an abiding love for our country. Today, we feel what Franklin Roosevelt called the warm courage of national unity. This is a unity of every faith, and every background. It has joined together political parties in both houses of Congress. It is evident in services of prayer and candlelight vigils, and American flags, which are displayed in pride, and wave in defiance. Our unity is a kinship of grief, and a steadfast resolve to prevail against our enemies. And this unity against terror is now extending across the world. America is a nation full of good fortune, with so much to be grateful for. But we are not spared from suffering. In every generation, the world has produced enemies of human freedom. They have attacked America, because we are freedom's home and defender. And the commitment of our fathers is now the calling of our time.   <Sep> Subject :  Remarks by the President at Prayer and Remembrance Service 
Email : Please see attached Resolutions for use in this afternoon's board meeting at 2:00 pm. Thank you. Donna M. Cagle Executive Administrator to President & CEO Mariner Energy, Inc. 580 WestLake Park Blvd., Suite 1300 Houston, TX  77079 281/584-5511 (phone)     281/584-5515 (fax) dcagle@mariner-energy.com   <<RESOLUTIONS 9-12-01 Mtg.doc>>   - RESOLUTIONS 9-12-01 Mtg.doc   <Sep> Subject :  Resolutions for the Special Telephonic Board Meeting 
Email : Lawrence, I hope you and your family are fine. Is there someone from your friends and relatives, who is involved in this terrible strikes in New York and Washington? I hope not, if yes let me know who. You may remember Dan Plice, who made a joke on Hub's party as he told us, that Ronald Reagen is his uncle. He lives since 10 years in NewYork, doing business in IT. At the moment I have no living sign form him but hope he is ok. Unfortunatly this is a bad time to congratulate and feel happy with someone, who did a great step foreward in his career, but I want to use this email to do so. Believe me, all members of the Stammtisch are proud to have you, the new COO of ENRON, as a friend. Say hello to Kathrin, Mary and Nicolas. Servus Ferdl   PS: You missed a big trinking time on the weekend of the 25th aniversary of the Stammtisch. More info's and pictures will follow later.   <Sep> Subject :  News 
Email : Greg, we maybe should discuss - I don't know that I disagree with Rogers action. My understanding is that we have added $10/MWhr premium on all deals until further notice;  however, the impact of possible customer decision delays, un-available curves and the resulting idle sales force could cause a significant issue for Q3 retail financials. If the net result is some downtime for a couple days probably no problem - if it is more than a couple days it is very difficult to catch up. I will keep you in the loop. Regards   <Sep> Subject :  Real Time Pricing In Effect 
Email : Since 1/1/99, 84 people at an MD or above level left the company. The only executives who maintained an office in an Enron building after they left were Cliff Baxter, David Haug and Ken Rice. Cliff's runs through 10/31/01, David through 9/30/01 and Ken's access will probably be turned off in a week. If you need any other information, just give me a call at x33993. Also, David mentioned that you all had discussed potential changes to the PRC/Bonus process. It might be very helpful if the 3 of us could brainstorm and I'd be happy to go through the Board/Shareholder approval process. We may be limited in what we can do given how late in the year it is. Thanks! !   <Sep> Subject :  Consultants - Office Space 
Email : RADR EMP, L.L.C. was formed in Delaware on August 23, 1999 and acquired on August 31, 2001. Particulars are:   Members: TLS Investors, L.L.C. - 50%    Joint Energy Dev. Investors II Limited Partnership - 50%   Business: Company acquired to unwind financing structure to facilitate sale of Southwest Power, L.L.C. Employees: No   Foreign Qualifications: None   Company No. : 1741 RADR  NOTE: Sylvia Hu - evidence to follow by hand.   <Sep> Subject :  Acquisition of RADR EMP, L.L.C. 
Email : I have attached the evaluation form  for the Scott Waddle interview held on Tuesday, September 4, 2001. Please return form to my attention at EB 1010D or by e-mail. Thank you,   <Sep> Subject :  Evaluation form for the Scott Waddle interview held on Tuesday,  September 4, 2001 
Email : Dear Greg,  I have worked for Enron South America for 3 years and currenty running my own company called Xcedentes.com. Also, I spent a great deal of my time at Enron Houston and know a lot of people that can bring real value to the table. In case I can be of any assistance at any time, do not hesitate to reach me. For references you can check with the following people in Houston: Scott Neal (East gas Desk, trading), Ted Noble (Financial Trading), Elsa Piekelniek, Darren Maloney. Good luck with your new position. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  references Pablo Acevedo. 
Email : Greg,  My Thursday just filled up. But I'm still targeting either Tuesday or Wednesday to be in the neighborhood. I have to turn in my TA-50 to my former unit, 4-112 Armor, which is in Bryan. Houston is just another hour from there. I suspect  your schedule is going to be swamped for the next few months, if not years. If next week is too soon, my long-term calender is not too difficult to sort out at this time. Just let me know so I won't inconvenience you. Were you planning on coming up for the TCU game? Woody   <Sep> Subject :  Next Week 
Email : Greg: Congratulations - I knew it was only a matter of time. Good luck and hope to see you soon. Hope your family is well. Jay   <Sep> Subject :  How's the 5 year? 
Email : Greg- I read about your recent promotion at Enron and I wanted to congratulate you. Based upon the time we spent together last year, I think it's well deserved. Next time you're in New York, give me a ring. I'd like to buy you lunch and see if they are ways we can work together going foward.   <Sep> Subject :  Congratulations 
Email : Greg- I realize you are probably up to your a** in aligators with the recent management shifts(not that you weren't before). Would you have time for a brief call this weekend? If so, when and what number are convenient? Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  call? 
Email : Enron taps credit line; stock slides  10/27/2001 Associated Press Newswires  Copyright 2001. The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. HOUSTON (AP) - After Enron Corp. tapped into more than $3 billion in credit in an effort to boost confidence of investors and customers, stock prices dropped. Enron Corp.'s stock price hit its lowest point in more than five years Friday. Shares fell 95 cents on Friday to $15.40, a level not seen since 1995, as analysts continued to muddle through a complicated series of bookkeeping issues revealed after the company's earnings announcement earlier this month. The stock is down more than 50 percent in two weeks, and the company lost almost $14 billion in market value. Late this week the company decided to convert $3 billion in revolving credit it has through various banks into cash. The company put about $1.1 billion in the bank in an effort to reassure business partners and investors of its liquidity and is using the $2.2 billion balance to begin an orderly repurchase of a certain kind of short-term corporate IOU known as commercial paper. "Nothing spells confidence quite like cash, which is what we want investors to understand," said Enron spokesman Mark Palmer of the $1.1 billion banked this week. Palmer could neither confirm nor deny that the company is negotiating further lines of credit with banks but described such actions as "good management decisions." On Oct. 16 Enron's third-quarter earnings release drew renewed attention to an issue investors and analysts had previously been unhappy about: Then-Chief Financial Officer Andrew Fastow, with the Enron board's approval, had formed and run two investment partnerships that could have created a conflict of interest. The partnerships, LJM Cayman and LJM2 Co-Investment, did complex financing and hedging deals with Enron. Fastow had resigned from his roles in the partnerships months ago when Wall Street began to question whether he could watch out for the interests of Enron's shareholders and the investment partnership simultaneously. But last week when the company reported a $35 million loss related to ending its LJM ties as well as a $1.2 billion reduction in shareholder equity, new questions began to arise. The Securities and Exchange Commission's Division of Enforcement launched an informal inquiry into the partnerships, and earlier this week Fastow was put on a leave of absence. Reducing the company's debt exposure through commercial paper and putting it back into more traditional financial tools, like a revolving line of credit, could give great peace of mind to Enron's investors, said Anatol Feygin, an analyst with J.P. Morgan. "It helps them shore up their support behind their energy trading business, which is really the core of their operations," Feygin told the Houston Chronicle for Saturday's editions. Carol Coale, an analyst with Prudential Securities, still sees the move as somewhat confusing. "Just last week they were touting their unused lines of credit as a plus, but the fact that they tapped those now sends a strange, mixed message," she said. "Do they need the cash to keep the rating agencies off their back? Is it a gesture for customers? It first struck me as another one of these strangely timed actions on the part of management." .....................................................................................................................................      BARRON'S: REVIEW & PREVIEW  10/27/2001 Capital Markets Report  (Copyright (c) 2001, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.)   Turning Up the Heat:   Energy trader Enron ousted its chief financial officer days after it said the SEC was conducting an inquiry into billions of dollars of transactions it made with entities tied to the CFO, Andrew S. Fastow. Enron said Fastow took a leave of absence to restore investor confidence. Enron shares have plunged 50% recently, after it announced the probe and reported a $618 million loss. BARRON'S: The Trader  10/27/2001 Dow Jones Commodities Service  (Copyright (c) 2001, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.)   Bulls Look To Recovery, As Techs Lead The Surge  By Andrew Barry   <Sep> Subject :  Saturday Articles 
Email : Surprising and disappointing news although it certainly provides opportunity for the  "next generation". In case you didn't listen to the conference call with analysts last night, Ken gave you a very nice plug. Neil.   <Sep> Subject :  Jeff 
Email : George McClellen asked that I send to you a brief description of the NOxTech process and the TVA Transaction. Please see the attachments. I would be glad to answer any questions you may have.   <Sep> Subject :  Brief Description of NOxTech & TVA Deal 
Email : Dear Greg,  I'm sure you've had easier days in the office. If you are ever up here and need a beer, give me a call. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Just a note of support 
Email : Greg,  Thanks for taking our call this morning. As we all agreed on the call, this topic is extremely time sensitive. The appropriate contacts at CSFB are:   <Sep> Subject :  Credit Suisse First Boston contacts - Strategic InvestmentOpport  unity 
Email : Greg,  Condolences for the turbulent times Enron is going through. We remain excited and optimistic about the possibilities of a joint project. We realize that you and Vince may have limited bandwidth in the immediate future, but when you have time we hope you will consider the draft proposal we sent Vince. We are still fully behind it. Yours truly,     Norman   <Sep> Subject :  Enron and Prediction Company 
Email : I've attached two versions of the financing release; one with a quote from Citibank, one without. We plan to release by 09:30 CST tomorrow, Wednesday, October 31, 2001. Please respond with comments prior to 09:00 CST via email or my voicemail at 713-853-4738. Citibank will notify me overnight as to which release they approve. JPMorgan has approved both. Thank you,   <Sep> Subject :  Bank release 
Email : FYI. Enron Principal Investments has completed the sale of Enron's ownership in COPEL. Total proceeds for the last 5 months from this sale is over $95 million in cash. Steven Sheldon managed this process. In the last 5 months, EPI has sold or otherwise disposed of 20 investments, with total proceeds to Enron of over $250 million in cash. We intend to sell another 5-10 by year end, generating an additional $50 million to $100 million in cash. The team is very focused on selling of the portfolio, creating cash and minimizing losses. Kevin Garland   <Sep> Subject :  Sale of COPEL Shares 
Email : Energy Service Companies Explore Smart-Home' Technology as Means to Secure, Expand Services to Residential, Small Business Consumers; Special Workshop to Review Smart-Home' Automation for Energy Industry  HOUSTON, TEXAS (10/30/01): Energy services firms, such as Reliant Resources Inc. and The New Power Company, have been exploring new home-automation systems to determine if these technologies will offer new ways to serve their retail customers. Both companies have launched pilot tests in states leading in energy deregulation, such as Texas and Pennsylvania. Home-automation (HA) promises to bring advancements to households the way networked servers and telecommunications have transformed office places. Through centralized controllers, wireless communications networks, broader bandwidth and even artificial intelligence, technology firms, such as Microsoft and IBM, are working to centralize and digitally automate the control of many household functions. "We've identified at least 14 areas where home-automation is in full development," said Bob Nimocks, president of Zeus Development Corporation and organizer of the workshop. "If successful, these companies will give home and business owners the means to improve the functionality of their environments in amazing ways while reducing their need for energy, water and other resources." Home automation (HA) is linking many household electronic systems, such as phone, computing, entertainment and sound systems, thermostats, lighting, security and irrigation into a centrally controlled network that can be managed remotely via the Internet or cell phone. These systems allow homeowners to more effectively manage their energy usage as well as improve their lifestyle. Allied Business Intelligence predicts this market will rise from US$267 million in 2000 to $7.1 billion in 2007. "I live in a home in the Woodlands that is kind of a pilot home. I can control my thermostat, turn on my lights and access my meter on the Internet from downtown Houston," said Joe Flynn, an e-business executive at Reliant Resources. "From virtually anywhere in the world, I can use my cell phone or PDA to turn on my lights, set my air conditioner or see what's going on in my home." "The Internet is being extended to everyday household appliances that we don't normally associate with computing," IBM's Michel Mayer told the NewsFactor Network in a recent interview. "The technology to enable this is available today but requires companies to come together to build end-to-end solutions." Microsoft Corporation has been working on intelligent software systems that will sense and automatically adjust household systems to the occupant's needs throughout the day. Likewise, IBM and National Semiconductor Corporation are partnering to help companies develop home networking software that will enable high-speed Internet connectivity throughout the home for computers, household appliances and electronics. "Energy is not going to be about wires and pipes anymore," Flynn predicted. "It's going to be about information. How you use your energy and when you use it will be as valuable as how many kilowatts you use, and the time-of-day pricing models will be set up that way." Home Automation Workshop Tuesday, Dec. 4, a workshop, entitled "Home Automation: The New Frontier for Retail Energy Services," will be held at the Houston George R. Brown Convention Center to review and demonstrate how home automation is changing the management of homes and small businesses as well as the service expectations of their owners. The workshop will be held in advance of the Interactive Energy conference and exhibition. Delegates will learn of the various types of HA innovations and where they apply to energy services. A large multi-city pilot implementation will be reviewed. Last, a panel of researchers will discuss what is on the horizon and reflect on what may further emerge. Companies participating in the workshop include IBM, Microsoft, Sargent Electric, EGT Technologies and others. For program details, see www.interactiveenergy.com. About Interactive Energy Interactive Energy will be held at Houston's George R. Brown Convention Center, Dec. 4-7. The annual conference and exhibition covers information technology (IT) advancements in the energy industry and features numerous case studies of technology implementations, new software demonstrations, business plans and special workshops. Conference Sponsors of Interactive Energy 2001 already include Enermetrix (www.enermetrix.com), SAIC (www.saic.com), AT&T (www.att.com), Microsoft (www.microsoft.com), Luminant Worldwide (www.luminant.com), Oracle (www.oracle.com), Unisys (www.unisys.com), Conchango (www.conchango.com), Proclarity (www.proclarity.com) and Silicon Energy (www.siliconenergy.com). Supporters include PR Newswire, Energy Central, TIPRO, Techxans and the Houston Business Journal.   <Sep> Subject :  Smart-Home Workshop 
Email : Today, The American Coal Company paid Enron $113.5 million in principal and interest, which included a prepayment of the remaining $110.7 million balance on its debt with Enron ($75.7 million Senior Note, $35.0 million Subordinated Note). These two notes, with maturities of July 2004 and July 2008 respectively, were established in July 1998 to provide financing for the acquisition of the Galatia Mine by Bob Murray. Despite the termination of the credit relationship, the physical relationship remains in place through December 2006 with projected deliveries of 1,900,000 tons of Galatia coal and 1,200,000 tons of Maple Creek Coal. The value in the remaining coal, supported by puts and fixed price arrangements, is in excess of $25 million. Beyond the value in the transaction, this deal, along with the DPR transaction with Cline in 1998, provided the foundation for Enron's coal business. With this prepayment, Enron has now received over $250 million from its coal investments. The breakdown of the funding and cash flow is shown below:   Approved Commitments   $275 million  Funded Commitments   $271 million  Enron Funding (Net of Calpers)  $240 million   Enron Cash Flows  Principal    $188 million  Interest     $  44 million  Equity Distributions   $    8 million  Marketing Fees    $    7 million  Margin on Physical Coal   $    3 million   Total    $ 250 million  In addition to the cash flow received to date, the investments are projected to provide minimum future cash flows as follows:   Principal and interest   $ 20 million  Loans secured by assets   Marketing fees    $ 39 million  Minimum marketing fees   Coal commodity margin   $ 25 million  Value of American Coal physical transaction  Equity distributions   ??? 42% interest in Dakota & Remington           20% interest in BMR      Total    $ 84 million + equity distributions   <Sep> Subject :  The American Coal Company $113 Million Debt Prepayment 
Email : All;  Attached for your review is a draft memorandum from the ENE OTC to employees on the upcoming year-end 2001 process, specifically addressing clarifications to the process and highlighting changes as a result of the Lay-it-on-the-Line survey . The memo is intended to demonstrate the three components that comprise the review process: feedback and evaluations, talent discussions and bonus, and provides you with choices on how you wish to proceed for YE01. For example, doing all three in the above order, or alternatively  feedback/ bonus and thereafter talent discussions or  feedback and bonus only. Please note that this memo would not be sent to EEL - since EEL is administering their review process  slightly differently (i.e. it is not holding meetings at year-end). In conjunction with the ENE memo we have also prepared a draft template for each business unit/function to use in communicating  the details and  mechanics of their process to their employees. The purpose of this template will be to enumerate the choices each Business Unit/Function has in administering their processes - feedback and evaluations, talent discussions and bonus process. We look forward to your comments. Thank you,   <Sep> Subject :  Draft PRC  Memo for Approval 
Email : Mark and Greg,  I hope that you are receptive to unsolicited advice. 1) Give a single officer the authority to say "no" to deals before they get to your Office of the Chairman. Rick Buy may not want the job, but it should be someone in a similar position with real authority. Perhaps, each business unit should have such a person. Key to making this work is to find a person who will try all ideas to make a deal "good" before killing it. 2) EIM may need a new CEO. If Bowen is not going to take the job, then you should strongly consider Shankman for the post. I think that he has done a fine job at EGM in the last 12 months, and this could be his chance to step up and run his own shop. 3) Stop paying a dividend!!!!!!! Given that we are not appealing to an institutional investor base that requires a dividend, we should keep the hundreds of millions of dollars. 4) We probably have too much metal in inventory in London. We should consider getting out of a business that requires that much physical inventory. Thank you for taking the time to read my suggestions. James C. Lewis VP Finance and Structuring EGM   <Sep> Subject :  General Suggestions 
Email : Ken, Greg and Mark,  I wanted to provide you a suggested agenda for the rescheduled Management Conference. After working with Joannie Williamson to coordinate open dates on your calendars with hotel availability, here is what we are proposing:  Location:   Westin La Cantera Resort, San Antonio (The Woodlands still will not have enough rooms to hold our group in February. We are concerned that if we don't have people committed to stay over, especially on a weekend, we risk weak participation. Also, by rebooking with the Starwood property, we hope to potentially recoup some of the loss incurred by canceling our November date and maintain a positive relationship with the company.) Dates:   Friday, February 22 and Saturday, February 23 (We received feedback that employees may not appreciate being asked to sacrifice a weekend right now. However, these are the dates that the hotel is available. Available dates the previous week would interfere with Valentines Day and coincide with the peak of the Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City.) Agenda:   DAY 1  Friday, February 22  2pm - 5pm Registration  6pm - 9pm Reception and Chairman's Dinner   Speaker:  General Norman Schwarzkopf  (The General is currently available on this date, but has not accepted the engagement. I feel that, if we can   reschedule him, he would be a significant draw to ensure people arrive in time for the evening activities.) DAY 2  Saturday, February 23  8am - 2pm Business Agenda  (I will keep Ken and the brief business unit presentations/panel on the agenda. I also hope to reschedule Gary Hamel. Otherwise, I will  remain flexible on the agenda.) 2pm  Meeting Adjourns    No planned activities  (The activities are perceived as an unnecessary extravagance at this time.) We'd like to issue a memo about postponing the Management Conference to invitees as soon as possible. While details on the agenda can be resolved later, please let me know if you are comfortable with the dates and location so we can include that information in the memo. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Rescheduled -- Management Conference 
Email : During this critical time, it is imperative that our management team remain focused on our business and continue to address the challenges currently facing our company. For that reason, I have decided to postpone the Enron Management Conference. The Conference will now be held Friday, February 22 - Saturday, February 23, 2002 at the Westin La Cantera Resort in San Antonio. While the Saturday meeting allows some Enron executives who cannot be away from the office during business hours to attend the Management Conference for the first time, I also recognize that it requires many of you to forfeit additional personal time on behalf of Enron. I truly appreciate your sacrifice and I sincerely encourage your attendance. The new agenda, while still being finalized, will be abbreviated but every bit as informative and worthwhile as previously planned. We'll be in touch soon with more details. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  2001 Management Conference 
Email : As a reminder, the mandatory Annual Compliance Meeting was rescheduled to Thursday, November 8, 2001 from 8:30 - 10:00 am at the Doubletree Hotel, LaSalle Room B. The agenda is as follows:    Robert George   Board Seats   Richard Lauer   ECT Securities LP    Cassandra Schultz  Risk Management Policy   Bob Bruce   Chinese Wall Policy   Chip Schneider   Transaction Approval Process   Rick Carson   RAC Reporting Tools  Please confirm your attendance at this year's meeting either by responding to this email message or contacting Donna Wackerle at ext. 39755. If you have already RSVP'd, thank you and we will see you Thursday. If you have any questions, please contact me directly at ext. 31939. I look forward to seeing you this year. PLEASE FORWARD THIS MESSAGE TO YOUR ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT TO ENSURE IT IS SCHEDULED ON YOUR CALENDAR.   <Sep> Subject :  Annual Compliance Meeting 
Email : AT&T's Enabling the enterprise is coming to Houston November 29th, and we have not yet received your registration. As anticipated, interest in this session has been great...and seats are limited...so register today! If you have registered already, please disregard this email.   <Sep> Subject :  Register for AT&T's Enabling the Enterprise - Houston, TX 
Email : Greg:   Implement Tradeco. Determine if Dynegy is willing to lend $850 to $900 million against TransWestern Contact Moody's and ask how much equity we need Tap all potential sources of equity: - Dynegy - Federal Reserve/Treasury - Banks (Citi, Chase) - Industry players (unlikely in time required) If funds are likely, get stay from Moody's until Monday  Tell me what you want me to do and I'll get after it. Jeff   <Sep> Subject :  Some thoughts 
Email : Knowledge Management (KM) Systems Changing with the Demands of Oil & Gas Industry; Houston Workshop Examines New Paradigm  Houston, Texas (November 7, 2001) A more practical KM model is emerging for the oil and gas industry that catalogs and networks a company's experience rather than documenting its practices. Under this model, a firm's collective experience and its members' specialized knowledge and credentials are cataloged to allow users to quickly and efficiently leverage the extended organization. This approach helps with two macro trends in oil and gas: (1) the trend towards core competency development, and (2) the creation of an extended workforce as a large proportion of management reach retirement. Management are able to create a dynamic network of experts and resources that spread across many partnering organizations as well as semi-retired employees. Entitled "Creating Successful Knowledge Management (KM) Systems: Communicating Experience Rather than Documenting Practices," a workshop on December 4, 2001 at Houston's George R. Brown Convention Center will present this new KM approach in advance of the Interactive Energy conference and exhibition. www.interactiveenergy.com/2001/workshopfour.asp  "What we've found is that linking people is the most important element in knowledge management," said Richard Fletcher, a senior KM consultant in the energy practice at Deloitte Consulting. "The second most important element is capturing learning rather that abstract procedures or static information."   <Sep> Subject :  Knowledge Management Workshop to Examine New Paradigm 
Email : Greg, I can not even imagine all the tension and activity that have kept you busy these past weeks. Maybe you can give me a call when the dust settles a little. Sunday PM might be good, I will be at home. There is nothing critical just thought you might want to vent. Liz has been a champ and if anything went critical I would let her know. Cash margins are getting thin with all the rate cuts, but you are liquid and getting the best available. Ben   <Sep> Subject :  checking in 
Email : We are prepared to get with you as soon as you would like after your return from New York to review projected cost savings from ENW. For each business unit that we support (EA, EGM, EIM, EES, EBS), we have prepared cost savings on expense and capital based on the three scenarios below. Scenario 1: Enron exits the line of business, with immediate headcount reductions and cost savings quantified;    skeleton staff remains for orderly exit of business; then final headcount reductions and cost    savings quantified (Lights Out)   Scenario 2: Enron retains and maintains line of business, but does not invest for growth; assumes no further systems     enhancements; support is scaled back from current level and is minimal (Lights On - But Dim)   Scenario 3: Enron retains line of business and invests modestly to accommodate known market changes; service levels     are scaled back from current level and are a step above minimal (Lights On - Brighter)   Cost savings in all three scenarios have been quantified at the following level of detail by commodity for EGM and EIM:   EGM: Freight Markets     EIM: Forest Products   FX/IR/Equity      Steel   Domestic Crude & Products   International Crude & Products   Domestic Coal   International Coal  Cost savings have been identified for ENW's unallocated expense and capital as well. We have worked with HR to adjust cost savings for anticipated severance costs.   <Sep> Subject :  Enron Net Works - Cost Savings 
Email : Please find attached the EEOS / NEPCO weekly project update for week ending November 9, 2001. If you have any questions, you can call me at (713) 646-6106. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  Weekly Project Update...   W/E November 9, 2001 
Email : I think we urgently (next 2 days) need to have a meeting to discuss where we allocate capital and risk. Counterparties are very nervous and many are not extending us credit so we are having to prepay extensively to do business, both in the US and UK. I have two suggestions:   <Sep> Subject :  Allocation of Capital 
Email : We are prepared to file the Hart-Scott-Rodino ("HSR") Form with the Federal Trade Commission and Department of Justice on Tuesday, Nov. 13th. I have received the necessary statutory notice from Dynegy that was a prerequisite to our filing. Please confirm to me that since Friday, Nov. 12th, we have not prepared any additional HSR Item 4(c) documents in connection with the proposed merger or Northern Natural Gas transactions with Dynegy. Item 4(c) requires the parties to the filings to provide to the FTC and to the DOJ the following:  "all studies, surveys, analyses and reports which were prepared by or for any officer(s) or director(s) (or, in the case of unincorporated entities, individuals exercising similar functions) for the purpose of evaluating or analyzing the acquisition with respect to market shares, competition, competitors, markets, potential for sales growth or expansion into product or geographic markets..."  Please also circulate this E-Mail to any other member of the Working Group who may have knowledge or possession of any Item 4(c) documents. Thanks for your help!   <Sep> Subject :  HSR Filing - Tuesday, Nov. 13th - URGENT 
Email : Hi Greg,   Today I'll be kicking off our merger strategy from an IT perspective. The goal of this will be to position Enrons IT group as the obvious choice to take the merged company forward. This is in everyones best interest, even if they don't know it yet. This will be focussed purely at IT, but alligns with the overall goals of ENW. You and Greg Whalley have my commitment to making this work and hence making the future merged company a success. What I need from you and Greg and David is help in quickly coming up with a retention policy to ensure our best people don't walk. Regards   <Sep> Subject :  IT Merger Strategy 
Email : Greg,  ACTION - PLEASE CALL TODD REID AT DUKE  BACKGROUND: Below is the situation with Duke and subs:       Exposure Line  Cash  L/C  Duke Energy Marketing LP / ECC  ($43mm) $10mm  $52.35mm $20.5mm Duke Energy Trading & Marketing / ENA  ($56mm) $5mm  $61mm Duke Energy Trading & Marketing / EPMI  ($260mm) $20mm  $171mm $100mm  The expiration of the letters of credit are 11/30/01. Duke believes that since these L/C's have less than 20 days to expiry their value should be zero and are asking for additional cash collateral. Our view of the contract is that these L/C's are good collateral until expiry and should be counted in our outgoing collateral. The roll of the letter of credit has been delayed as Haedicke/Mintz get comfortable with the reps under the L/C facility. Duke credit guys are saying that Todd Reid has not received a return call from you and this holding up a resolution. Bill and Louise   <Sep> Subject :  Duke Situation 
Email : No matter how young he is, it is conforting to hear that a grad is now the ranking Enron employee. Good Luck. Max B. Kelly ?70 BLM Corp. Enron?s Panamanian Subsidiary   <Sep> Subject :  GO ARMY 
Email : Lawrence G. Whaley Vice President Enron Gas Services P. O. Box 1188 Houston, TX  77251-1188 November 12, 2001   Dear Lawrence:    We are so pleased that Steve Kean will be speaking at our conference on Winning Globally:  Organizing for Global Growth on January 23, 2002. As you may know, Steve will be speaking on a panel on "Maintaining Gold-Standard Ethics in a Global Era." We hope that you will be able to join us at the conference. We would also like to invite you or a company representative to participate in the 2002 International Career Fair at Stanford Graduate School of Business, which will be held on the previous evening, Tuesday, January 22, 5:00pm - 8:00pm. The goal of the International Career Fair is to facilitate interaction between leading global companies and our talented MBAs looking for positions of international scope. The International Career Fair is strategically timed to coincide with our second -year students' full time job searches and   <Sep> Subject :  Invitation to the Stanford Graduate School of Business  International Career Fair, Tuesday, January 22, 2002 
Email : Dear Greg,  I appreciate you coming down to the gas floor and providing us some information about what is going on. One of the questions that kept getting asked had to do with who will be retained, and what we will be paid when we are retained. We were told that star performers will be retained. At what profit level do we become star performers? I understand you and your staff have a tremendous number of things that need to be accomplished. As I talk with my peers, the most important thing on our minds is if we will have a job and what we will be paid. John was saying that in a few months this issue would be addressed. My immediate concern is to secure employment while there are still positions available with other companies. I will accept the first lucrative offer that is made to me. My peers have expressed the same sentiment. In a few months, there may not be any jobs left. We have to may hay while the sun shines. We all have been bombarded with calls from executive search firms. We are all racing for a limited number of jobs that promise substantially higher salaries. What we need on this floor is some assurances. Maybe it should be in the form of granting bonuses now and offering employment contracts. We need some exact numbers in the form of dates, salaries, and bonus plans. Scott Neal brought up this same question several times and John said he understood how critical this situation is. If there are only trader track personnel left to run this company, will Dynegy still be interested? Getting a bonus this year that reflects the work I put in is critical. It is no where near as critical the issue of making sure my children have food on the table. I do not have two months to wait to find out that the compensation I will be offered ends up being less than what a third party is willing to pay, or the bonus program is a based on a amount to appease me when I may have passed up a percentage deal. Please sense the urgency that my peers and I are feeling. Tom Donohoe   <Sep> Subject :  Employee retainment 
Email : Mark, Jeff and Greg,  There has been some recent noise at CalPERS regarding Enron, some of which you may be aware. I wanted to update you in case any questions were raised tomorrow on the conference call. In October CA state Senator Steve Peace sent a letter to the CEO of PERS raising "questions about the prudence of CalPERS continuing to invest and partner with Enron under its current management". I discussed this with the Alternative Investment (AIM) staff (with whom I deal with regularly regarding JEDI II). They indicated at the time that a senior staff meeting was being held (on Friday Nov 2nd) to discuss the letter and how PERS might respond. Subsequent to that, staff informed me that the board had put Enron on the agenda to discuss during today's (Tuesday the 13th) Investment Committee meeting. I have not received an update as yet today on today's meeting. The fact that the board was meeting to discuss Enron has been reported in the media. Meanwhile, on Friday the 9th, Dan Szente the CIO resigned from PERS. Articles indicate it may be a result of 7.2 percent loss in the funds' investments. PERS holds approx 2.6 million shares of Enron. This has also been mentioned in articles discussing Dan's resignation - thus attempting to link his resignation with our poor performance?? Earlier in the year their proxy vote indicated they owned 3.5 million shares. [BTW - they voted against Item 1 - specifically mentioning Lay, Wakeham and Winokur as having relationships with Enron that could cause conflicts of interest.} PERS assets total $151 billion. It appears they may have liquidated some of their position. I am not sure but I think their position has been one they have held for a long time - possibly since beginning our relationship with JEDI back in 1993. The JEDI II partnership has been a successful partnership for PERS and current IRRs indicate they could earn in excess of 50% on their investment based on the September 30 capital account. This of course, assumes we can liquidate the assets in JEDI I for their current fair value. Also - PERS purchased approx. 7.2 million shares in NPW for $40 million - a cost basis of $5.50 a share. If you have any questions, I am available this evening at 713-218-6460. Shirley   <Sep> Subject :  CalPERS 
Email : Tuesday, November 13, 2001  Enron will be hosting our previously scheduled bank meeting on Monday, November 19th at 2:00 p.m. EST. The meeting will take place at the Waldorf Astoria Hotel in midtown Manhattan. As previously stated, this meeting will be for Enron's bank relationship and credit officers only. As such, identification will be checked at the door. If you have not already returned your institution's Confidentiality Agreement, please fax it back to Mary Border's attention at 713.646.3422 by noon, Friday, November 16th. Please note that there will not be a call-in number or video-conference for this meeting. Please reconfirm your attendance with Mary either by email (mary.border@enron.com) or by phone (713.853.0941) as soon as possible. We will be covering information on the pending merger, our current financial situation, and more details on our structured financings. I realize that all of you have requested more information than we have been able to provide over the last few weeks. Thanks for your patience and I look forward to seeing you Monday. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Rescheduled:  Enron Bank Meeting 
Email : Greg,  I know that you have more challeging issues than Mariner to consume your time; however, I wanted to advise you that I believe that we have at least made some short term gains at the company. First, we have reduced the workforce by about 20%. I will know before year end if further reductions are needed. Second, we have sold 100% of Mariner's interest in Aconcagua for $51 million. Originally, Mariner intended to sell 50% of its interest. Expectations were $35-$40 million (100%). Allan brought in the buyer   <Sep> Subject :  Mariner Progress 
Email : Attached is a new draft press release. First thing in the morning, we need to discuss whether to release this. Please contact Steve Kean, Mark Palmer or me with your comments. Thank you.   <Sep> Subject :  Draft Press Release 
Email : Greg,  While Enron's management teams are reviewing actions plans for the upcoming six to nine months, I understand that functional transition teams will be assembled to address the planned merger. I would like to register my strong interest in assisting any transition team where my skills could add value. Prior to developing and supporting corporate as well as enterprise systems at Enron my career has spanned across General Electric Capital Services and ABB on a global basis. Much of this experience has included system integration and change management. Let me know if you have any questions to the above. Otherwise, I wanted to let you know of my interest and desire in working towards a successful transition for Enron. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Merger Transition Teams 
Email : I would like to move forward with what we are calling Phase III for EOL. Most of the work is done but in this environment, I don't want to prepare to roll it out in January without your views. However, if we are to roll it out in mid-January, we need to agree soon. Richter has sent you the outline/presentation on e-mail and he and Savita and Jay can describe it all in greater detail if you like. Savita discussed the presentation and the plan with John Arnold and he is supportive of the rollout and the new look and functionality. Basically it will include a new home page and a new garden page, but the key parts are the expanded quotes screen and the order manager which are a much better use of real estate than the static Reuters content down the side (which will be put in a MyContent button). This isn't expensive, most of the work is done anyway, but it is a new look and the quotes screen will now be expanded. I think it would be positive to do. It looks better, the Reuters content can be found in a MyContent button and we can use the entire quotes screen to enhance order flow and improve the counterparty experience. It also shows business as usual with EnronOnline. Your thoughts? Greg Piper  President & CEO   Enron Net Works LLC   <Sep> Subject :  EnronOnline 
Email : Juniper GP, LLC  This limited liability company was formed in Delaware on November 5, 2001. Particulars are:   Parent Company: To be confirmed. Business: Acquisition of 100% of the general partnership interest in Juniper Energy L.P.   Employees: No   Foreign Qualifications: None   Company No. : 1791-JUNP  Information not yet confirmed by LLC Agreement. Please circulate this information to all interested parties in your group. For more information, see attached Corporate Data Sheet. PLEASE NOTE:  Mary Heinitz - copy of evidence being sent by interoffice mail  Angie Ramirez - please apply for FEIN  Sylvia Hu - Minute Book and one seal have been ordered  Lillian R. Bailey Administrator Corp. Services EB4863 Ext. 33577 Telephone 713/853-3577 Fax 713/646-8007 lillian.bailey@enron.com   <Sep> Subject :  Juniper GP, LLC - New Formation 
Email : Greg, I have been a dedicated Enron employee for two years. I was originally part of the Research group and now work for EIM Fundamentals. This is a very difficult and exciting time both  for our company and for me as an employee. I would like to be more involved in this process. Does your office currently have ANY type of position where I can make most contribution to the company. Thank you,   <Sep> Subject :  Job openings 
Email : ENE: Adjust Historical EPS As Per Restatements; Lower 4Q & 2002 Ests. * We adjust Enron's historical EPS for the restatements filed in their 8K published on November 8th. * We revise our stand-alone 2002 EPS estimates to $1.50 from $2.15. We think this could prove conservative, but await further data on Enron's ongoing performance in their energy trading & marketing business. * Enron is currently trading at a relatively large 20% discount to their implied merger value of $12.40. We think this spread could contract as certainty improves over accounting issues, stand-alone earnings power, and the scope of hurdles to merger completion. <<ENE EPS adjustments 11-14-01.pdf>>  <<ENE EPS adjustments 11-14-01.doc>>   <Sep> Subject :  ENE: Adjust Historical EPS As Per Restatements; Lower 4Q & 2002  Ests. 
Email : Greg,   I'm sure these days have been tremendously busy for you and I hope that, whatever the outcome, it turns out to be the best for you, your family and colleagues. I've been following the news very closely and it really unfortunate to read about it. I am still shocked how a handful of people can cause so much trouble. Hope everything pulls through; if anyone is the right for the job, it's got to be you. With this said, I realize that you probably have very little "bandwidth" for matters outside of Enron these days. However, it is that season again where MBA  applications are due and I would be honored if I could get another recommendation from you. Unfortunately, I did not get into Harvard last year. To make your life easier, I WILL DO ALL OF THE WORK - i.e. write the letter and fill out the forms, etc. - and only ask for your John Hancock (signature). Since I have a rather extensive list of applications, it will be perfectly appropriate to draft a general letter of recommendation that addresses topics from all of the schools. I will write this letter and if you accept my request, I would send you ten-personalized copies (one for each school that I am applying to) for you signatures. That's all! This way, you will spend very little time in providing me superb letters of recommendations, and both you and I will be very happy. Anyway, I would actually like to speak with you about this and just "life in general" if possible. I know your schedule at work probably doesn't permit you to have free-time (god forbid). I do have your home number, but I like to save it only for special occaisions. I think this might be one! Please advise.   <Sep> Subject :  Hi! 
Email : Ken and Greg  I am part of the Enron Tax Department, assigned currently to Enron Global Assets, previously to Enron India. Your comment regarding the very bad investments Enron made in international assets is absolutely true. Perhaps the assets themselves are not all that bad, Enron just over-paid, over-built or over-leveraged. In some cases, I suspect we did all three! But that's not the point of this message. When you make statements like you did in yesterday's Investor conference call it erodes EGA's ability to sell those assets (who wants to buy a very bad investment ?) and chokes the spirit of the employees who have remained loyal to Enron and continue to support the needs of EGA. The 100 or so members in the EGA support group did not make the bad decisions. Those were made by former and current executives, RAC, Enron's Board of Directors, and others who were well-qualified to make such decisions. I cannot begin to tell you how hard Tax, Legal, Accounting, PR, etc. worked to make the best of what often-times looked to us to be a stupid if not bad investment. Many of those who remain have devoted several years to Enron's international experiment. We've given up dinner with our families, weekend soccer games and campouts, in many cases we have even sacrificed our good health. I suspect we will continue to make those sacrifices in order to close asset sales and efficiently return to Enron the remaining value. Please, when you proclaim to the World the very bad investments Enron made, take some time to remind those of us who are left to unwind these investments that Enron is fortunate to have some very bright and dedicated employees diligently working to contain the damage already done. Sincerely,   <Sep> Subject :  ... we definitely made some very bad investments ... 
Email : Greg:  A rumor is going around that Andy Fastow's employment contract had language that would allow him to be paid $9,000,000 or some amount if a change of control of the corporation occurred. Several questions come to mind related to this issue that I would appreciate your response:  1)  Please confirm the existence of such a clause or similar clause in Mr. Fastow's contract that would allow him a claim of additional money from an Enron entity. 2)  If such a clause does exist what is Enron's intent as far as payment or litigation? 3)  What other Enron employee's have such clauses that would allow them to benefit from the merger? Your clarification of the above questions would be appreciated! Thanks, Jim   <Sep> Subject :  Fastow Rumor 
Email : Today's message points are attached. Attached is a copy of the Form 12B-25 Filing (Notification of Late Filing)     PLEASE NOTE - the call will take place daily at 10:30 am in EB 4701. If you are unable to attend, please send someone from your group in your place. DAILY CALL:  TIME:   10:30 am (Central)  PLACE:  EB 4701 (for those in Houston)   <Sep> Subject :  Message Points from Today's Meeting 
Email : We sleeeved some of the P Plus with DYN today. That's the good news. The bad news, they charged us 10 cents /bbl versus 3-4 cents that we got from others. To add insult they wanted 20-25 cents for size. Understand 2 seperate entities but they should not take advantage of any info they have to take advantage of us. Don said the trader was told to quote the higher numbers, it was not his decision.   <Sep> Subject :  Dynegy P Plus 
Email : The total bonus pool needed for EGS is $54,800,000. The amount charged and paid by joint ventures is $5,091062. The Enron portion would thus be $49,708,938. This is a reduction of  $14,846,779 for 2001 bonuses charged to Enron.   <Sep> Subject :  2002 Budget pool 
Email : Greg:  Last summer you had a book on Landstar on your desk. Do you remember who was trying to peddle them at that point? We are trying to find a way to get us out of here mostly intact. dan   <Sep> Subject :  Landstar 
Email : We've prepared the attached draft press release for possible issuance Monday in conjunction with the 10Q filing. Wilmer Cutler has reviewed the release, but they do not want to include a quote. Please let me know your views and if you have any changes. Thank you.   <Sep> Subject :  Draft 10Q Release 
Email : Dear top management, We know how serious is the situation but please don't fire us now. Our  families are waiting for a happy chrismas and new year!! Sato Enron Japan   <Sep> Subject :  Please don't fire Enron Japan staff, we do nothing wrong! Please!!! 
Email : Greg, with the end of the year approaching we may want to look at some tax loss selling. Nov30 is a key date to avoid wash sale rules. Let's talk about the possibilities. Ben PS Happy Thanksgiving   <Sep> Subject :  tax loss selling 
Email : Headline:  "Unocal, Tesoro, Pioneer, Equiva, Reliant Among Energy Companies Providing Opening-Day Insights at Interactive Energy 2001"  HOUSTON, TEXAS, November 19, 2001 - The opening-day program for Interactive Energy has been set with presentations from SAP, Booz Allen Hamilton and case studies and panel discussions from management from such companies as Reliant, Equiva, Tesoro, Unocal and SAIC. Les Amidei, VP of business development for process from SAP America, will open the session to discuss how energy companies are working to gain maximum returns from their current investments. Many of the larger companies committed to SAP's enterprise resource planning (ERP) systems during the past 15 years, and new innovations must interface with SAP to access and uplink enterprise data. "With all the great promises of the internet, the energy industry has made numerous investments in information technology," notes Amidei. "The reality is that while many have delivered, many [others] have not. As a result, the overall climate has changed dramatically where any investment in technology will be driven by measurable and quantifiable ROI. Leveraging existing investments such as ERP into new arenas will be critical in assuring maximum value is delivered."" A panel of senior technology officers, including Xavier Flinois, president, Schlumberger Network Solutions; Tom Halbouty, CIO, Pioneer Natural Resources; Paul Cuneo, CIO, Equiva Services LLP; and Ray Cline, CTO, SAIC, will follow Amidei's presentation. Each panelist will be asked how he or she is prioritizing IT spending and levering from investments made in previous years to maximize profitability. Accenture Partner Jeff Sakaguchi will direct the discussion. Then, Eduardo Alvarez, partner of Booz Allen Hamilton will wrap up the morning with a presentation on how some energy companies have managed innovation more effectively and what can be learned from their strategies. In the afternoon, the conference will feature the results of an IT survey conducted by Booz Allen Hamilton and Zeus Development Corporation, which investigates how the upstream, refining and gas and power sectors are prioritizing IT spending. The two firms have joined in the research project to interview information officers at many of the world's leading energy firms to understand how they are currently managing IT investment. The report will enhance and build upon the earlier presentations, providing a broader industry perspective. Then, four case studies will be presented: The first entitled, "Dropping the 'E:' Moving E-Business to Just Business" by Tim Pownell, general manager, e-procurement project, will discuss how  Unocal is in the process of fully integrating their e-business systems into the mainstream practices of the company. The second, entitled "Rapid ERP Integration: A New Supervisory Application to Reduce Training Time and Improve Inventory Accuracy," which will be presented by Mark Evans, CIO, Tesoro, will discuss how Tesoro was able to integrate its marine logistics unit into the broader SAP ERP to improve performance, inventory accuracy and employee satisfaction. The third and fourth presentations will be made by management from Reliant Resources Inc. to describe how they are using IT to prepare for Texas' forthcoming deregulated marketplace. Will Symmes, director - energy information systems, will describe how Reliant has developed an internet-based energy information and analysis portal for large industrial customers, entitled "Energy Commander." Then, Ron Orsini, vice president - eBusiness, will discuss how Reliant is investigating home automation technology to better serve residential and small business accounts. "We're very pleased with the lineup for Wednesday and believe it provides a most important full-day forum for the opening discussion of Interactive Energy," said Nimocks. "In the final analysis, our job is to facilitate the exchange of information and ideas so advancements can be made more efficiently, and this lineup promises to do that." About Interactive Energy Interactive Energy will be held at Houston's George R. Brown Convention Center, Dec. 4-7. The annual conference and exhibition covers information technology (IT) advancements in the energy industry and features numerous case studies of technology implementations, new software demonstrations, business plans and special workshops. To register, please phone Mel Ladin at 832-200-3704 or go to www.interactiveenergy and click on "Register Now". Conference Sponsors of Interactive Energy 2001 already include Enermetrix (www.enermetrix.com) SAIC (www.saic.com), AT&T (www.att.com), Microsoft Corporation (www.microsoft.com), Luminant Worldwide (www.luminant.com), Unisys (www.unisys.com), Conchango (www.conchango.com), Proclarity (www.proclarity.com), Silicon Energy (www.siliconenergy.com), Avocent (www.pixelvision.com), documentum (www.documentum.com), appropria (www.appropria.com) and Oracle (www.oracle.com). Supporters include PR Newswire, Energy Central, TIPRO, Techxans and the Houston Business Journal.   <Sep> Subject :  Unocal, Tesoro, Pioneer, Equiva, Reliant to Provide Opening-Day  Insights at IE2001 
Email : Below is a summary of the organizational changes that we discussed yesterday. Note: some changes have already been made - please note your agreement or disagreement. Research to North America (original discussion was to put it under RAC) Competitive Intelligence to North America Chief Accounting Officer to Chief Financial Officer Investor Relations to Chief Financial Officer Insurance to Chief Financial Officer Interest Rates and Currencies to Chief Financial Officer Corporate Responsibilities and Community Relations to HR (or PR)? Xcelerator - closed Principal Investments to Chief Financial Officer Associate & Analyst Program to HR Compensation and Benefits to HR  Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Organizational Announcements 
Email : Please find attached the most recent Speech List for Mr. Lay. Should you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact me. Tori L. Wells Executive Assistant Office of Ken Lay Chairman & CEO ENRON   <Sep> Subject :  Lay Speech List 11/20/01 
Email : AT&T's Enabling the enterprise is coming to Houston November 29th, and we have not yet received your registration. As anticipated, interest in this session has been great...and seats are limited...so register today! If you have received this reminder in error, please disregard. Thank you! If you have registered already, please disregard this email.   <Sep> Subject :  Register for AT&T's Enabling the Enterprise - Houston, TX 
Email : The following announcement was sent out from the ENW Office of the Chair on Sunday, October 21:   As a follow-up to the Enron Net Works All Employee meeting on October 5, we are pleased to announce a number of organizational changes. Beth Perlman, currently CIO for EA Systems, will work closely with Mark Pickering on a number of key projects for Enron Net Works. Additionally, Beth plans to explore various commercial opportunities within Enron. Replacing Beth in her current role will be Steve Hotte, currently CIO for EGS. Anthony Dayao will continue as CIO for EES Systems. In addition to his current responsibilities, Anthony will assume responsibility for creating a combined Wholesale/Retail Power Trading and Risk Management system. Jeff Johnson will move into the new role of CIO for EGM/EIM Systems. John Paskin will transfer to the Houston office from London to take up the new role of CIO for Corporate Systems. His group will include the ISC, Enterprise Portal, Intranet Solutions, CRM strategy, Treasury Systems, Development Support and will matrix into HR IT Systems. Continuing in their current positions are Inja Chun, CIO for EBS Systems; Paul Freeman, CIO for Enron Europe; Jay Webb, CIO for eCommerce, which now includes Commodity Logic Systems; and Jenny Rub, CIO for Infrastructure. All of the above positions report into to Mark Pickering in the Office of the Chairman for Enron Net Works. Transitions into their new positions will begin within the next two weeks and should be complete by the end of the year. We are currently interviewing individuals to serve as CIO for EGS, as well as an individual to serve as head of our Enterprise Framework group. We will keep you posted on the progress of these searches. Please join us in congratulating all of these individuals on their new responsibilities.   <Sep> Subject :  Organizational Announcement 
Email : Attached is the language we are proposing to Dynegy for their release tomorrow. Please send me your comments tonight, and I will send the final release to Rosie to forward to Chuck Watson from Ken. Thank you.   <Sep> Subject :  Draft Dynegy Release 
Email : Take Control Of Your Investing with a FREE BusinessWeek Investing Seminar! (...and get the Knowledge and Information you need to beat  the market and build personal wealth.) Dear Lawrence Whalleyq,  Congratulations, you've been selected to receive  two FREE tickets to an Online Investing Education seminar hosted by BusinessWeek Investor Workshops. In your free 90-minute seminar, you'll learn powerful  investing strategies that every investor needs to capitalize  on their investing. You'll learn how to use the tools and  resources of the Internet, along with proven investing  formulas and strategies, to build personal wealth and  secure a financial future that can help you to retire  early and retire wealthy. To meet the high demand for this free seminar, we  have scheduled the event in various locations in your  area. Seating is limited at each location, and the event  will fill up quickly, so we recommend you claim your FREE tickets within the next 48 hours to assure your seat.   <Sep> Subject :  FREE SEMINAR: Take Control of Your Investing! 
Email : Attached are two versions of a press release. We plan to issue one of these before market open tomorrow. The second version assumes financial close on the remainder of the secured credit facility (I need someone to confirm or deny). The first version speaks only to the merger and our debt restructuring efforts. Please review and provide comments as soon as possible to me and Karen Denne (karen.denne@enron.com). I understand that Jeff McMahon and Jimmy Lee will discuss the attached at 7:00 CST tomorrow.   <Sep> Subject :  Possible press release before market open on 11/20/01 
Email : Please review the attached press release, which we'd like to issue as soon as possible this morning. Please confirm that we have, in fact, closed on the $450 million, and let me know if you have any additional comments. Thank you.   <Sep> Subject :  Revised Press Release 
Email : Enron Fuels International, Inc., company #494-EFII, has withdrawn its authorization in the following state(s) on the date(s) given:     Colorado September 4, 2001    Florida  September 4, 2001    Illinois  September 5, 2001    Indiana  September 4, 2001    Iowa  August 31, 2001    Kansas  November 5, 2001    Nebraska September 5, 2001   Please circulate this information to all interested parties within your group. PLEASE NOTE: Nony Flores - copy of evidence being sent by interoffice mail Vicsandra Trujillo - copy of evidence being sent by interoffice mail Sylvia Hu - original certificate(s) delivered by messenger   Lillian R. Bailey Administrator Corp. Services EB4863 Ext. 33577 Telephone 713/853-3577 Fax 713/646-8007 lillian.bailey@enron.com   <Sep> Subject :  Enron Fuels International, Inc. 
Email : Dear Greg  We met some time ago for dinner in London together with Bruce Farmer. Since a lot of things at Enron are fluid at the moment I wanted to contact you to express Glencore's interest to acquire Enron's copper concentrates and metal book if this is an option Enron would consider. We understand that the staff in London responsible for these areas are working on a MBO and there is thus little interest from their side to be open or co-operative. This is the reason why I contact you directly and would appreciate hearing from you at your earliest convenience. regards   <Sep> Subject :  metals business 
Email : A full list of articles will be sent on Monday, but here is some initial co= verage from yesterday and today... IN THE MONEY: Enron - From Energy Trader To Spinmeister By Carol S. Remond  11/23/2001 Dow Jones News Service=20 (Copyright (c) 2001, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.)=20  A Dow Jones Newswires Column=20  (This column was originally published Wednesday. )=20   <Sep> Subject :  Articles 
Email : Mark:  In the last two days, three private equity firms have told me they would be prepared to make all-cash offers for EW's European operations before December 31. These are Babcock & Brown (London), Alchemy (Frankfurt) and FBR (Washington DC). Based on what I know about Enron Wind, I would bet that the price for the European operations alone would be signicantly more attractive for Enron than the price for the combined US and European operations. I don't want to waste their time if it's too late. What should I tell them?   <Sep> Subject :  Cash Offers For Enron Wind Europe 
Email : Please find attached the EEOS / NEPCO weekly project update for week ending November 23, 2001. If you have any questions, you can call me at (713) 646-6106. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  EEOS Weekly Report...  W/E November 23, 2001 
Email : <<CSFB_EnergyTech_nov2601.pdf>>   Summary:  * A quick look at the correlation between the performance of the Energy Technology stocks and the price changes in both natural gas and oil. * Our conclusion is that there is no meaningful statistical correlation over time. Commodity price shocks may however exert short term influences on the shares but should not be used as a predictor. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  CSFB: Energy Technology Bulletin - Issue 87 
Email : The below listed Delaware limited partnerships that were formed but never utilized are being considered for dissolution. Please let me know by Wednesday, December 5, 2001, if there is any reason not to terminate. If I receive no responses, we will proceed with dissolution. EGC 1999 Holding Company, L.P. EGC 2000 Holding Company, L.P.   <Sep> Subject :  Proposed dissolutions 
Email : AT&T's Enabling the enterprise is coming to Houston November 29th, and we have not yet received your registration. As anticipated, interest in this session has been great...and seats are limited...so register today! If you have received this reminder in error, please disregard. Thank you! If you have registered already, please disregard this email.   <Sep> Subject :  Register for AT&T's Enabling the Enterprise - Houston, TX 
Email : Although this entity was sold earlier this year, an announcement e-mail was not issued at that time due to lack of documents. On May 11, 2001, Haywood Power I, L.L.C. ( 86G-HPWR) sold; 100 percent of the ownership interest was assigned to AES Greystone, L.L.C. Please share with interested individuals within your groups. Corporate Records - - Evidence to be hand delivered.   <Sep> Subject :  Sale of Haywood Power I, L.L.C. 
Email : Although this entity was sold earlier this year, an announcement e-mail was not issued at that time due to lack of complete documentation. On March 30, 2001, Fountain Valley Power, L.L.C. (87V-FVPL) sold; 100 percent of the ownership interest was assigned to Black Hills Fountain Valley, L.L.C. Please share with interested individuals within your groups. Corporate Records - - Evidence to be hand delivered.   <Sep> Subject :  Sale of Fountain Valley Power, L.L.C. 
Email : Ken, Greg, Mark -   Thank you for your leadership over the last several weeks and this morning. We appreciate it. Following are some additional thoughts and some more detail on my comments from this morning:  The leadership group in that room needs to feel the sense of responsibility to lead our businesses. Everything we say & do - including all written, verbal and "body language" - are signals. We must communicate and lead all day, every day. As an organization, and as part of our culture, we lead with our chin - always have and probably always will. We are going to take our share of bumps and bruises. We have some great businesses here....and we are fortunate. We have grown the size and profitability of our core businesses substantially, and in a market where many companies have not been as successful. Most of our wounds are self - inflicted. We can and should do a better job. I believe this leadership team needs to make an absolute commitment in the following areas: Vision -  define what we want this company to be in the next 3-5 years Value -    as part of building the World's Leading Company, my vote is that we dedicate our energy towards building long term, sustainable value. This is not about just creating value in the eyes of Wall Street - this is about creating real value, perhaps as defined by "after tax operating profit minus the real cost of capital". Market cap will follow this type of economic value creation. We need to measure it and incent people this way. Teamwork - we are a leadership team. I don't feel as though everyone buys into that nor is it clear that everyone around that table feels a sense of responsibility to lead across the business. I would like to discuss how we improve as a team. Many of our employees (at an average age of 33 years) have never been through:  an economic downturn a global military conflict problems like the ones we are currently experiencing at Enron We need big time leadership now....from all who are around that table Clear Demonstration of our leadership - in clear view of our employees, customers and shareholders People - we must make sure to retain and enhance the interest of the employees that add value to Enron everyday. These people need to believe - with our actions - that we are absolutely focused on making sure they have an environment that is conducive to building and creating value over the short, medium and long term. The ball is in our court. We have to lead and be perceived as credible leaders. We've got to dig deep and get down the road - together. If you wish, I would be pleased to discuss this further. Thank you again for your leadership.   <Sep> Subject :  Management & Leadership 
Email : Kevin, given the track record of mis-behaviour, I don't fault you with the = premise of guilt before understanding. But I would like to assure you that=  despite the high valuations externally, which I probably agree are fantasy= , The Facility Services Group has a clear vision/market; it has a quality m= anagement team; it will be under my thumb and it is conservatively valued i= n the books. It is much more that a Blockbuster or other like structure. = If you would like to discuss in detail do not hesitate to give me a call an= d I will take you through it - both overall strategy and tactics. Even tho= ugh it has been a confluence of events which has caused our problems, the f= undamental root of most issues is an inactive management team which hasn't = managed the detail as well as we would like. New Power in my view would no= t have been as big a loser if we had kept it private and managed it closely=  as a key part of the business. Instead we took it public and let it run a= mok. I think you can see parallels across the company. Initially well int= entioned and thought out strategies fall apart when not managed appropriate= ly. Regards   <Sep> Subject :  ServiceCo 
Email : The latest Q4 Target Sheet can now be accessed  via S\Forecast Target Sheet\. The resolution centre has given read access to all recipients of this report, including those in the US. If you have any problems contact myself with any questions. Earnings to date are $36.2m. With expected trading results of $138.0m and other expected transactions of $44.1m, we are currently showing a shortfall of $74.2m to our target of $292.5m  Please contact Buddy Aiken or myself with any questions or comments. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Target Sheet sent 221001 
Email : Dear Enron's topmanagement, We are not only concerned on the crashed stock but also Enron's situation in Japan. The business here is too difficult!!! How do you know the current situation here:    > Bad Reputation in Japan - if you say you are from Enron people will say  "No"   > Ignorance of Japanese Business - wasting many time on TOCOM, a market     controlled by mafia, those minor comnies want to cheat Enron's money   > Unsatisfactory business environment - deregulation will not proceed in  three     years   > Poor manegment - the office is like a kindergarden, the so called  "experts"     have serious discrimmination with local staff; They do nothing  themselves just     ask the local "slave" to work hard and they go to vacation or business  trip   > "Sato" means sweet in Japanese but Sato Project is not so sweet as you  think! Have you expected another "E-power"? I have to say we are so dispointed with Enron!!!! Enron Japan is at the  entrance of "Bermuda Triangle", we worry when will it dispear? Sato Enron Japan   <Sep> Subject :  Enron Japan is at the entrance of "Bermuda Triangle"!!! 
Email : As a follow-up to the Enron Net Works All Employee meeting on October 5, we are pleased to announce a number of organizational changes. Beth Perlman, currently CIO for EA Systems, will work closely with Mark Pickering on a number of key projects for Enron Net Works. Additionally, Beth plans to explore various commercial opportunities within Enron. Replacing Beth in her current role will be Steve Hotte, currently CIO for EGS. Anthony Dayao will continue as CIO for EES Systems. In addition to his current responsibilities, Anthony will assume responsibility for creating a combined Wholesale/Retail Power Trading and Risk Management system. Jeff Johnson will move into the new role of CIO for EGM/EIM Systems. John Paskin will transfer to the Houston office from London to take up the new role of CIO for Corporate Systems. His group will include the ISC, Enterprise Portal, Intranet Solutions, CRM strategy, Treasury Systems, Development Support and will matrix into HR IT Systems. Continuing in their current positions are Inja Chun, CIO for EBS Systems; Paul Freeman, CIO for Enron Europe; Jay Webb, CIO for eCommerce, which now includes Commodity Logic Systems; and Jenny Rub, CIO for Infrastructure. All of the above positions report into to Mark Pickering in the Office of the Chairman for Enron Net Works. Transitions into their new positions will begin within the next two weeks and should be complete by the end of the year. We are currently interviewing individuals to serve as CIO for EGS, as well as an individual to serve as head of our Enterprise Framework group. We will keep you posted on the progress of these searches. Please join us in congratulating all of these individuals on their new responsibilities.   <Sep> Subject :  Organizational Announcement 
Email : Hi Greg,   We are hosting a meeting from 9-11am on Friday 26th October for a number of people from your Military. They are coming to see us as a reference sight for TIBCO software, which they may want to use within their operations. Given the current state of the nation I thought this might be a good opportunity for Enron to help out. I also wanted to know if you or Mr Lay may want meet them. Let me know, they are on a very tight schedule and are visiting NASA directly after us. These guys are Washington based employees.. Stratcom controls our nuclear  arsenal..  Uniformed Military  Lt. Col Hal Ellis  Major Kenryu Bryson  Lt. Commander Doug Koekkoek  Civilian Military Employees  Tom Price  Mark Roth        Mark Pickering  Chief Technology Officer  Enron Net Works, LLC   <Sep> Subject :  Military Visit - please read 
Email : Please find attached the EEOS / NEPCO weekly project update for week ending October 26 , 2001. If you have any questions, you can call me at (713) 646-6106. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  EEOS / NEPCO Weekly Project Update...    W/E October 26, 2001 
Email : Please be advised:   2 lawsuits were filed in Harris County, Texas on Thursday, October 18th, against Enron Corp. and the Board of Directors relating to the issues discussed in the Wall Street Journal over the past several days. This issue will be discussed at the Enron Corp. Board of Directors meeting scheduled for today, Friday, October 19th at 11:00 a.m. (C.D.T.) Thank you very much and we look forward to your participation in today's meeting. cc:  James V. Derrick, Jr.  Richard N. Foster  Mark A. Frevert  L. Greg Whalley   <Sep> Subject :  Additional Information for Today's Board Meeting 
Email : Afghanistan Ground War  We believe plans are progressing for ground action in Afghanistan to begin over the next week. Rumsfeld and Bush are both overseas and it is unlikely that the attack would commence prior to their return. Forces earmarked for deployment include US Marines, US Rangers and British Marines. The Pentagon has reportedly suggested to London that it reclassify its marine commandos and paratroopers as "special forces" so the operation may still be depicted as an SF one. The tactical aims of such operations - which will see troops inserted by helicopter from Pakistan and then extracted via the same route - will be to destroy identified Al Qaeda targets in areas theoretically under Taleban control. Anthrax  More incidents today with media outlets and politicians being the primary targets. There is a wide variety of media reporting on this, most of it unreliable. We reiterate that the U.S. government is equipped to handle isolated incidents of cutaneous anthrax exposures, but is not equipped to handle air-dispersed anthrax attacks on a wider scale, or more contagious biological weapons such as smallpox. The main impact of the current incidents (aside from those directly affected) is psychological; a further escalation of the sense of worry, which increases both political and economic pressure on the Bush Administration. Politically, there will be increased pressure "to do something" not only against the bin Laden network, but possibly Iraq. Economically, the anthrax incidents are simply another serious blow to consumer confidence. The Congressional incidents also are delaying passage of the fiscal stimulus package. Terrorist Sophistication Targeting Critical Infrastructure Not to be Overlooked  The anthrax incidents also represent yet another attack against US critical infrastructure. Just as the World Trade Center and Pentagon attacks represented attacks on our transportation infrastructure, financial infrastructure, and government infrastructure, so too do the anthrax attacks target our government infrastructure (Congress, Gov. Pataki) and our communications infrastructure (Fox/CBS/ABC/NBC & mail delivery). Both the September l1th attacks and the anthrax incidents have hit targets that are significant both as critical infrastructure and as symbols of American power. The threat at Three Mile Island reported last night suggests that the possibility of attacks against energy infrastructure should certainly not be ignored and should probably be expected.   <Sep> Subject :  US Responds to Terror #5 
Email : Just wanted to drop you a note and congratulate you on your recent  appointment (or should I say "anointment"). Also wanted to (on the QT) have a discussion about our two company's and  float an idea. I've been at Harvard for the past two months at the AMP  program and have had a chance to really look at the direction, gait and  opportunities for Cinergy and during that same time frame Enron has also  gone through some dramatic change. As is said "a little bit of knowledge is  a dangerous thing". It would be a good to see you at the very least and  grab a good bourbon and cigar. I'll be out of the program in the middle of November and back in  Cincinnati. Send me your number and I'll give you a call sometime and we  can see if there is a reason to do anything but have the bourbon and cigar. Congratulations again on the obvious wisdom of the Enron empire. I'm sure  they're braced for ignition..... Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Belated congratulations... 
Email : House Speaker Hastert has decided to close the entire Capitol complex, including the office buildings on the House side, at the end of the working day today through Monday, as a precautionary move to allow for special agents and germ experts to conduct a sweep of the ventilation systems and all remaining unopened mail. The Senate side is expected to do the same. It has also been confirmed that the anthrax-laden letter sent to Senate majority leader Daschle's office was of a particularly potent, high grade military quality anthrax that quickly spread once opened. Some 29 staff in Dachle's office or the mail room have tested positive, and some anthrax spores were found in the ventilation system of the Hart building (where Daschle's office is located) and in one of the tunnels leading to the Capitol itself. If there is even a hint that this military grade anthrax came from Iraq, there  will be a strike by the U.S. against Iraq. Another possibility is that the anthrax is of Russian origin and was somehow illicitly acquired by Al Qaeda or  the Taliban. There has not been a second anthrax letter or a new outbreak of anthrax, nor is there any evidence of anthrax spores spreading to committee rooms located in the other Senate or House buildings. This was a pre-cautionary move by House Speaker hastert, though it in no way diminishes how ugly the situation is.   <Sep> Subject :  Anthrax Scare in DC 
Email : Greg:  In August I submitted an idea to Enron's ThinkBank  "Idea Vault"  for a new business opportunity for Enron. My idea is to develop a new commodity market for exchanging wireless spectrum rights. The idea is categorized under "Commodities" and is accompanied by a report which explains in more detail the idea, background information, market conditions and why it's a tremendous opportunity for Enron. It's been 2 months since I submitted the idea, but I haven't yet received a response from anyone who may have evaluated it. I'm contacting you now for two reasons. First, it is my understanding that the Net Works group develops and launches ideas like this. And second, it's my effort to "jump start" the review process, for fears that the idea may have fallen between the cracks somewhere in the "Idea Vault" process. Included below is the preface to my report which introduces the idea for trading wireless spectrum. The entire report can be accessed and printed from the Idea Vault site, or I could send the report document electronically if that's easier. If it's not appropriate for me to have sent you this email directly, then I sincerely apologize for the mistake. If you're typically not the person who would review an idea like this, again please accept my apology, and recommend who you think that person might be. Thanks for your consideration,   <Sep> Subject :  Wireless Spectrum - Creating a New Commodity Market 
Email : In order to ensure that our communications with the investment community are consistent, Stephen Moore of Moody's and I have agreed to publicly state the following as it pertains to the Moody's rating action taken today:  Full Review To Occur - The action is intended to be the catalyst for a full review of our business operations to occur in the coming months. The company's appropriate rating will be determined during this time frame;  Primary Areas of Concern - Moody's will be focusing on the following items during the review:  Potential Future Equity Write downs: Dhabol California Broadband Fiber Network Wessex/Azurix  Slow Progress in Asset Sales - we have been discussing sales for the past 18 months with limited closings  Material Working Capital/Margin Expansion - has resulting in negative cash flow from operations  The Equity Adjustment - Moody's was unaware of the potential of an equity adjustment of this magnitude  Please let me know if you would like to discuss any of the points in detail. Regards:   <Sep> Subject :  Moody's Basis for Placing Enron Securities on "Review for  Downgrade" 
Email : John thought you might be interested in the following from the credit markets.... Play by play during the call on the 5yr Enron Credit Default Swaps from Morgan Stanley:  1. 5Y BIDS GETTING HIT ON OPENING AS EARNINGS NEWS LOOKED LIKE     CLEANING HOUSE. 250. 2. DURING THE CONFERENCE CALL; WHICH APPARENTLY WAS UNCLEAR,     TICKED OUT 255,260,265. 3. LAY INDICATED NEAR END OF CONFERENCE "NO RATINGS ACTION     ANTICIPATED". MINUTE CONFERENCE ENDED MOODY'S WATCH NEWS     RELEASED. 280 BID. 4. LAY ALSO MENTIONED 3Q NEG CASH FLOW DUE TO SOME CONTRACT     ROLLOFF. UNCLEAR MESSSAGE. 5. ENE SAYS COMMITTED TO "INV GRADE" RATHER THAN "A"  280/325   Summary from Morgan Stanley after the call:  CREDIT DERIVATIVE UPDATE:  ENRON CORP  AFTER THE NEWS THIS AM ($1 BIL. CHARGE), THE COMPANY HOSTED A CALL AT 10AM NY TIME. THE CALL DID NOT GO WELL & ENRON SPREADS ARE HEADING WIDER IN CREDIT DERIVATIVE LAND. MKTS ARE SPOOKED B/C:  1) MOODY'S WATCHLISTED CO NEGATIVE, 2) ENE STATED "THEY ARE COMMITED TO INVESTMENT GRADE RATING," WHICH IS A CHANGE FROM THE SINGLE-A BOGEY THEY ONCE EXTOLED, 3) CO. DID NOT ADDRESS ALL LIQUIDITY CONCERNS, AND 4) MORE CHARGES COMING? 5YR MARKETS:        ENE (PRE-WTC):   165/185        ENE (8AM TODAY): 240/260       ENE (WEEK AGO):  250/300      **ENE NOW:         275/350  Clearly the above are a function of what people think they heard...I did not alter any of the email. In general MSDW likes Enron credit but this is how they see the market. Enron is one of the most actively traded names in the credit derivative market. Let me know if you want updates as the market gets more clarity and works throught the details   <Sep> Subject :  reaction from the credit markets on the earnings call 
Email : Pls. join a meeting in Greg's office today at 4:15 p.m. today to discuss management's recommendation to the Board of Directors on Project Southwood. Thanks. Paula   <Sep> Subject :  Project Southwood Meeting 
Email : Joe,  I have slotted you 90 minutes w/Greg on Wednesday @ 4:00 p.m.  Greg is  scheduled to participate in a Houston conference call @ 5:30 p.m.  You guys  are connecting again for dinner. Please let me know the time and location  for dinner on Wednesday night. Also, Greg says his schedule is open enough  that he would like to hang out on the floor w/you and your guys. He will be  officing over by John Sherriff and the mobile number he's carrying is +44   7901516638. Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor   <Sep> Subject :  Meeting Confirmation 
Email : Hi Matthew,  Greg will be in the London office from early Tuesday afternoon through  end-of-business day on Thursday, June 7. Are you available to meet w/him for  about an hour? He's available Tuesday afternoon until 5:00 p.m.  Wednesday  there are a few slots available, and Thursday he is wide open. Please  advise. If you could e-mail me your availability that would be great. Also,  Greg will be carrying mobile number +44 7901516638. Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor   <Sep> Subject :  Meeting Time w/Greg Whalley 
Email : Greg Whalley's four diamond level Astros tickets, plus parking pass, are  available for the games listed below. Please advise me, asap,  if you have  an interest. Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor x31935  COL  Wednesday, June 20 @ 7:05 p.m. CIN  Thursday, June 21 @ 7:05 p.m.   <Sep> Subject :  Diamond Level Astros Tickets Available 
Email : Deborah,  When I met last w/you, Bill, and others, it was stated that Fastow's group  was scheduled to move off floor 27 the weekend of 8/25. I have just heard  that they are not moving off until 9/8? Is this the case? Many Thanks,  Liz   <Sep> Subject :  Floor 27 
Email : Bruce,  Greg Whalley would like to speak with you on tomorrow, Wednesday, June 28. Please give me a call tomorrow to schedule a time to talk w/Greg. Many Thanks,  Liz   <Sep> Subject :  Telephone Call w/Whalley on 6/28 
Email : The Enron Net Works Offsite has been relocated to the Doubletree Hotel -  Allen Center for all day Monday, April 24, only. Once I have all the  details confirmed, i.e. meeting room, start time etc.,  I'll advise. Listed below are the presentations scheduled for Monday. An Agenda will be  forthcoming. Louise Kitchen  EOL Greg Piper  Paper Exchange.com Harry Arora  Securities Philippe Bibi  Trading Platform Technology Bryan Seyfried  Credit Mike McConnell  International eCommerce Development   Should you have any questions, please contact me @ 31935. Many Thanks,  Liz   <Sep> Subject :  Location Change for ENW Offsite 
Email : Greg Whalley has rented out the Rooftop Deck & Clubhouse at Union Station for  Opening Game on Friday, April 7. You are cordially invited to party with  Greg "the Green Hornet" Whalley, with game time beginning @ 7:05p.m. - Astros  vs. PHI. Please contact me about the numbers of tickets you will need. We may be able  to accommodate some members of your team. The rooftop can hold up to 75  people. Many Thanks,   Liz Taylor x31935   <Sep> Subject :  Astros Opening Game - Friday, April 7 
Email : Jim,  Greg received a faxed copy of a slide on ENA - Wholesale Power Network from  Kathyn Corbally. The slide gives a comparison in physical power volumes with  1st Quarter 99 vs. 1st Quarter 2000. The slides shows a 5% percent increase  and Greg thought that you mentioned that the increase was closer to 20%. Please advise. Liz   <Sep> Subject :  Physical Power Volumes - 1st Q99 vs 1st Q00 
Email : This is to confirm tomorrow's USEC Meeting with Richard Kingdon and Michael  Woo. The meeting will take place in EB3321 @ 10:00a.m. on Tuesday, March 21. Many Thanks,  Liz   <Sep> Subject :  USEC Meeting 
Email : You are cordially invited to attend        If you are a new supervisor, an experienced supervisor without prior training  or a manager of new supervisors, come and learn more about our new ENA  Leadership Curriculum. You will be introduced to the many courses and  learning resources that are available to you and where you need to go to find  them. To aid in planning your developmental activities, you will receive a  copy of the curriculum guide that contains detailed information about the  curriculum. Please RSVP by noon Monday, March 6 to Gracie Presas at ext. 3-3985.   <Sep> Subject :  Reminder Notice - ENA Supervisory Curriculum 
Email : Chris,  Whalley will be on vacation all next week and I'll need to fax him copies of  the P&Ls. Please deliver to me print outs of the Gas & Power P&Ls for the  week of February 14. Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor x31935 EB3322   <Sep> Subject :  Paper P&Ls 
Email : Joe,  I have slotted you 90 minutes w/Greg on Wednesday @ 4:00 p.m.  Greg is  scheduled to participate in a Houston conference call @ 5:30 p.m.  You guys  are connecting again for dinner. Please let me know the time and location  for dinner on Wednesday night. Also, Greg says his schedule is open enough  that he would like to hang out on the floor w/you and your guys. He will be  officing over by John Sherriff and the mobile number he's carrying is +44   7901516638. Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor   <Sep> Subject :  Meeting Confirmation 
Email : For the month of June there will be weekly Budget Meetings every Tuesday @  11:00 a.m. in EB32C2. Please mark your calendar accordingly. Please notify  me only if you are unable to attend. June 5, 12, 19 & 26 in EB32C2 @ 11:00 a.m. Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor x31935   <Sep> Subject :  Whalley's Budget Meetings - June 
Email : Greg Whalley's diamond club tickets (4 + parking pass) are available for  Monday and Tuesday of next week. Please give me a call if you have an  interest. Monday May 21  San Diego 7:05p.m. Tuesday May 22  San Diego 7:05 p.m. Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor x31935   <Sep> Subject :  Astros Tickets - Diamond Club Level 
Email : This is to confirm Greg Whalley's meeting on CA matters tomorrow, May 3 @  10:00 a.m. in EB3324. Should you have any questions, please advise. Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor   <Sep> Subject :  CA Meeting - 5/3 @ 10:00 a.m. in EB3324 
Email : Hi Matthew,  Greg will be in the London office from early Tuesday afternoon through  end-of-business day on Thursday, June 7. Are you available to meet w/him for  about an hour? He's available Tuesday afternoon until 5:00 p.m.  Wednesday  there are a few slots available, and Thursday he is wide open. Please  advise. If you could e-mail me your availability that would be great. Also,  Greg will be carrying mobile number +44 7901516638. Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor   <Sep> Subject :  Meeting Time w/Greg Whalley 
Email : This is to confirm EWS' Budget Meeting on Thursday, May 3 @ 11:00 a.m. in  EB30C2. London will also be participating via Video Conference. Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor   <Sep> Subject :  5/3 EWS Budget Mtg @ 11:00a.m. - EB30C2 
Email : Please let me know your Executive's availability for an EWS Budget Meeting on  Tuesday, May 1 @ 11:00 a.m. Please note that the budget meetings will be  every Tuesday @ 11:00 a.m. for the month of May. The meetings should be no  more than 1 hour. I'll advise you of the location. Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor   <Sep> Subject :  EWS Budget Meetings - May 
Email : Thank you for joining Greg Whalley at the 2001 CSC Spring Golf Classic -  Memorial Park Golf Course (Benefiting the Children's Museum)   Whalley's Team   Enron's Team  G. Whalley    M. McConnell B. White    T. Battaglia J. Lavorato    G. Piper     D. Delainey    D. Black   EVENT SCHEDULE - Tuesday, April 24  10:30 a.m. Registration 11:00 a.m. Lunch catered by Becks Prime 11:45 a.m. Tournament Rules for 4 Person Florida Scramble 12:00 Noon  Shotgun Start 4:00 - 5:00 p.m.  2001 Enron Jr. Golf Clinic w/ the staff of The First Tee  Program at     Whispering Pines 5:30 p.m. Awards Celebration  2001 ENRON JUNIOR GOLF CLINIC  The Junior Golf Clinic that will be held at the Driving Range from 4:00 p.m.  to 5:00 p.m.  Whispering Pines Golf Club will provide three instructors as  well as clubs. The Houston Parks and Recreation Department to recruit 25  HISD 5th graders who are not enrolled in the First Tee Program to participate  in the clinic. AWARD CATEGORIES  "Caryakid" trophies will be awarded for the following winning foursomes:  First Place  Low Gross Second Place  Low Gross Third Place  Low Gross High Gross First Place  Low Net Second Place   Low Net Third Place  Low Net  Hole In One Prize (Hole #11) 2001 Lexus LS430 from Sterling McCall Lexus  Longest Drive for Male and Female (Hole #10) $100 gift certificate from Memorial Park Golf Course  Closest to the Hole (Hole #7, Hole #15) $100 gift certificate from Memorial Park Golf Course  MULLIGAN & RAFFLE PRIZES  $20 buys 2 mulligan (maximum of 2 per player) and 1 free raffle ticket $20 buys 5 raffle tickets $5 buys 1 raffle ticket   Please advise if you need golf clubs. See you there! Many Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Golf Tournament - Memorial Park Golf Course 
Email : Don,  Thanks for agreeing to golf w/Whalley for the Children's Museum. I'll get  you some detailed info. on the tournament. Please block off from 10:30 a.m.  for the tournament which is @ Memorial Golf Course. You are scheduled to meet w/Greg again @ 4:30 p.m. on Monday, April 23. Many Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Mtg w/Whalley & Golf 
Email : Greg Whalley has available Diamond level seats (4 + parking) for the 2001  Astros' season. Greg would like to offer you usage of these tickets for  customer relations and employee appreciation. Listed below are some of the  amenities associated with the diamond club. Please contact me, Liz Taylor, @  x31935 for availability. Parking:  Your parking pass enables you to park in the lot closest to Enron  Field. Dining:  A private dining room is located behind the field-side seating  area. Special requests should be phoned in at least 3 hrs prior to game  time. Hours:  The Diamond Club opens two hrs before the first pitch and closes 1/2  hr after the final out is recorded. Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor   <Sep> Subject :  Astros - 4 Diamond Level Seats + Parking 
Email : Jessica,  Am I outstanding an expense reimb. from you? I seemed to be approx. $6000.00  past due and I have my check from the trading floor. Please advise. Many Thanks,  Liz   <Sep> Subject :  Outstanding Expenses 
Email : the thing that i will also tell you is that both flight options and travelair  will allow you to arrange a demo flight and will only charge you the hourly  rate as if you were an owner. since you are not paying monthly fees or  capital, this is a really good deal. i would suggest doing this with both of  them before you decide to buy anything  --  ideally on a long flight with a   <Sep> Subject :  fractional 
Email : Greg Whalley has requested weekly budget meetings during the month of March. The meetings are scheduled for every Tuesday @ 3:00 p.m. in EB3321, for one  hour, beginning March 6 and ending March 27. Please advise if your executive  can not attend. Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor   <Sep> Subject :  Weekly Budget Meetings In March 
Email : John,  How do you want me to handle pmt back to Greg for your return leg on Travel  Air from the Super Bowl. Greg mentioned that Enron may be picking up the  bill for you. If yes, just advise and I'll do up the payment request. The  total charges are $3,621.50. Many Thanks,  Liz   <Sep> Subject :  Flight back from Super Bowl 
Email : just saw that Louis Dreyfus traded with us today. good job!! one concern though -- several of the new names that we see coming across show   <Sep> Subject :  New players 
Email : Robert,  I have on Greg's calendar the dates of Jan. 10 - 12 for Bonus & LTI Reviews  w/you. You booked this w/me a couple of months ago. This has probably  changed and should be removed from Greg's calendar. Please advise. Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor   <Sep> Subject :  Bonus & LTI Reviews 
Email : Greg Whalley's four diamond level Astros tickets, plus parking pass, are  available for the games listed below. Please advise me, asap,  if you have  an interest. Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor x31935  COL  Wednesday, June 20 @ 7:05 p.m. CIN  Thursday, June 21 @ 7:05 p.m.   <Sep> Subject :  Diamond Level Astros Tickets Available 
Email : Mr. Piazze,  I'm Liz Taylor, Greg Whalley's Admin. Assistant. We have spoken a few times  in the past. I have just a few questions concerning the event on December 13:   When in the evening will Greg give his speech? Who long is he scheduled to speak? Are you wanting him to have a slide presentation or just talk? He promises  to be entertaining (smile). He really is a greater speaker, if I may say so. What is the dress code? Many Thanks,  Liz Taylor   <Sep> Subject :  Wharton's Program for Business Journalists 
Email : Angie,  This is to confirm breakfast for Whalley, McClellan & Reck on Thursday,  November 16 @ 6:30a.m. in the Spring House Cafe (ground floor) Hyatt Regency  Hill Country Resort. Many Thanks,  Liz   <Sep> Subject :  Breakfast w/Whalley 
Email : what do you know about this company? i can get a meeting with the CEO. they  recently bought APL stacktrain unit to become fully intermodal. i also think  they are moving toward IPO.   <Sep> Subject :  Pacer International 
Email : Iain,  First, thank you for being so helpful with me on the phone. Below is the  information you requested for the Whalley home fax machine. I would love to  meet w/you to discuss an updated fax machine for Greg's at home office. Greg & Mary Whalley 11110 Claymore Street Houston, TX  77024   <Sep> Subject :  Whalley Home Fax Repair 
Email : Robert,  We are diligently trying to increase our United Way participation. Currently, Net Works is only at 57% participation. Listed below are  employees in your department who have not gone online to make their pledge. I'm asking you to personally all each of them today, and encourage them to  make their pledge. If any names listed below are not with your department,  please notify Liz @ 31935. Should they have problems getting online, please  give Liz a call. Thank You,   <Sep> Subject :  United Way 
Email : As you know, Enron=01,s United Way Executive Solicitation is well under way= . =20 August 9th is the target date to achieve 100% participation and finalize th= e=20 commitment from our executives and is also the date for the kick-off of the= =20 company wide drive. We have a way to go to meet this objective. Enron=01,= s=20 United Way goal for the year is $2.3 million (before the corporate match).= =20 ENW=01,s share of this goal is $161,700. While these are aggressive goals,=  they=20 are very doable, and if everyone contributes their fair share, we can easil= y=20 surpass these goals.=20  Along with focusing on meeting our financial goals, I=01,d like to have 100= %=20 participation throughout the organization. This is especially important=20 among our executives. We define "participation" as an employee who has=20 completed their pledge on-line and made a contribution, no matter what the= =20 level. =20 With the campaign going on-line with electronic pledging, I=01,ll need the= =20 support of you and your campaigners to increase participation levels across= =20 the ENW organization and reach our financial goals. Whatever your decision= =20 regarding the level of your pledge, we need 100% participation from our=20 Executives in order to set a good example for the rest of ENW. Your=20 contribution to the United Way will continue to make a difference in our=20 community. When you give, you change a life right here in our community. Please join me in setting the standard for ENW by giving generously and=20 getting your pledges in by August 9th. Log-in to system on Netscape or Explorer  --  unitedway.enron.com   <Sep> Subject :  United Way Executive Solicitation 
Email : Dear all,  Could you let me know when you finish reorganization of M drivers files for power, then I can start to make change on the files which link to UBS database. Also I need make sure the library files which are used by our system are there and function. Thanks!   <Sep> Subject :  Could you let me know when you finish reorganization of M driver  for UBS 
Email : Dear Everyone:    As some of you might have heard, I gave my one-week notification last Friday, my last day with Enron will be Thursday, 1/31. The reason of my leaving is purely visa status, I have nothing but joy working with you all in the last one and half years,  the wonderful experience made the departure a painful decision. I shall be around in the next few days should you need anything from me. I'd like to thank you all for making my work at Enron such a thrill experience, for your support and friendship, I hope I will have a chance and honor to work with you again in the future. Good luck to all of us! - Zhiyun   <Sep> Subject :  Zhiyun is leaving 
Email : As a result of a number of UBS offer declines, the East Power book organization has several changes in comparison to the book list which was originally set up in GCP and other systems. I am attaching a spreadsheet which details such changes for both the power books and gas books traded by our power traders. Please do not hesitate to call me with ANY questions!! Thanks!   <Sep> Subject :  Revised East Power UBS Book Listing 
Email : Please use the following user id and password to login to your machine (NT login), then use your own login id and password  for Enpower login. user id : nc_t_cbentle  password : irmRulz! If you have questions, please feel free to call me at 57926.   <Sep> Subject :  Temporary Enpower login id for Netco 
Email : Shona,  Here is a breakout of total Wholesale Power p&l as of 11/30 that should roll up into your consolidated dpr as of 11/30. There are separate tabs for east and west and the p&l is separated by commodity. Let me know if this helps?! Thanks!   <Sep> Subject :  11/30 DPR detail 
Email : Make sure all price and volatility curves have been final posted in Curve Manager. Contact Min Zheng (or whomever will be handling this for the estate) to run the script which writes the curves into the m:\power2\region Excel files (these are used by Structuring, EES and East Price if we were to run it again)  Calculate "East Bankruptcy Calc xx/xx/xx vs yy/yy/yy"  -  Run it on 'Official Adhoc Full Book' and do not officialize upon completion -  Use '/prod/egs-home/ermt/bin/pwrcalc_slr.new' as your executable -  email Debbie Brackett, Stephanie McGinnis and John Powell daily with the post-id for the calc  Calculate "Official East Non-Terminated Transactions xx/xx/xx vs yy/yy/yy"  -  Run it on 'Official Adhoc Full Book' and officialize upon completion -  Use 'default' as your executable  To run the rolls for Terminated and Non-Terminated books: -  run DPR Automation (m:\common\power\estate\2002\0102\NEW) on both the East and EastBank portfolios separately -  for the EAST-PERF book you'll need to also run DPR Automation on PCS/PID in the morning to pull in the liquidations. -  link EAST-PERF, EAST-NPERF and EPMI-EAST-BANK into the Consolidated Report file -  each day, copy the 'NEW' folder into the 'DATE SPECIFIC' folder and run the 'PRIOR-ESTATE' file located in the 'NEW'  folder to run each roll's daily change macro   <Sep> Subject :  Daily Risk Procedures 
Email : All,  Attached file should be a complete list of enpower NETCO applications. Please fill it out for your group and summit it to us. Also you can define a new group of security as well. There is no need to fill out anything if you happy with the current setup Reports will be available to everyone as before  Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  EnPower NETCO production Security Role 
Email : I am attaching the Form A for Power (East and West combined). I am also attaching a copy of our 11/30 DPR and a reconciliation from the total MTM per the Form A  to the life-to-date forward MTM per the DPR (DPR and reconciliation are on two separate tabs). Let me know if you have any questions. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  E&Y Power Info 
Email : Hello everyone! I hope 2002 is finding all of you healthy and happy. Angela, the girls, and I are well settled now in Katy, TX and enjoying our new home. I am writing all of you because of an event in which I will be participating next month:  The Houston AIDS Walk 2002. I am asking that you assist me in doing all we can to ensure a future without this tragic disease. I (and hopefully the girls) will be walking 3.5 miles on Mar 10 representing everyone who chooses to sponsor me (this is where you all come in). After having my own children, I have become much more aware of and sensitive to causes that I believe can positively impact the lives of children not as fortunate as mine. The tragedy of this disease and the impact it has on children has motivated me to reach out to all of you in my efforts to do my part for this cause. In addition to the $100 I plan to donate, I hope to raise $1000 for this event. If I can get just 40 people to donate $25 each I will have met this goal. The proceeds from the walk will benefit the AIDS Foundation Houston and its partner agencies. Any amount you can donate would be greatly appreciated. If you are unable to pledge at this time, please join me in learning more about this horrible epidemic. The more we all know about it, the better we can help eliminate it. You can pledge by simply replying to this email with the amount you intend to donate. I will then contact all that have pledged individually to determine payment options/timing. Thank you some much for your time. Best Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  AIDS Walk 2002 
Email : All,  Please feel free to test enpower NETCO production and we will truncate deal data later. If you found problems or comments, please let us know asap. Windows 2000 Shortcut for enpower NETCO production    EnPower Launchpad for NETCO production    EnPower Report Launcher for Contract Settlements Group    EnPower Report Launcher for Credit Group    EnPower Report Launcher for Deal Clearing Group    EnPower Report Launcher for Risk Group    EnPower Report Launcher for Scheduling Group    EnPower Launchpad File Menu    EnPower Launchpad Tools Menu    EnPower Launchpad Downloads Menu    Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  EnPower NETCO production - TESTING 
Email : Please use the next week to clean up our database of delivery locations and regions currently still in Enpower. I would like to start the database clean with only the key hubs listed:  NEPOOL PTF NY Zone J NY Zone G NY Zone A Ontario PJM East Hub PJM West Hub PJM West Cinergy Com-Ed TVA Entergy SOCO ERCOT South (FP) ERCOT North (Basis)  Let's use this opportunity to clean up Enpower and start with a truly clean set of books. Team - Am I missing anthing?   <Sep> Subject :  Books 
Email : To all,  we are compiling a list of all common data ( documents, excel spreadsheets, etc...) contained on our O:drive and M:drive infrastructure that will be required for NetCo. The assumption is that no transactional deal type data will be migrated. Please forward any directory names that will be required for Netco to me. For example,  O:\common\directoryname etc......If there are additional people or resources that I can coordinate with please let me know. I am available to meet and assist in anyway possible. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Common Data Migration for Netco 
Email : I'm attaching 2 book request forms for Netco East Power. One form is for 6 TAGG gas books and the other form is for approximately 25 Enpower power books. Bill and Torrey - A list will be following immediately of old book names and associated new Netco book names for each power trader. Let me know if you have any questions. Thanks!   <Sep> Subject :  New Netco Book Requests 
Email : What do you guys think about this?! I'm waiting on Dana to tell me what Narsimha will be trading and I've sent Kevin an e-mail for him to reiterate that only desk heads will be trading gas?! Let me know your thoughts!! Thanks!   <Sep> Subject :  Netco Book Listing 
Email : Please take a minute to review the attached update on our activities and assumptions in Wholesale Power Trading and Risk Systems. As you might expect, most of our focus is on establishing independent NetCo and Estate operating environments. The second attachment is simply an FYI. It represents our current systems inventory (apps, hardware, developer software, etc...) for NetCo and Estate. Glad to discuss...  Steve   <Sep> Subject :  Wholesale Power Systems Update 
Email : This org. chart head count totals 135, with an additional 34 that should be included from Peggy Hedstrom's org. chart sent from the Canada office which totals 169 for NETCO Energy Operations. If you have any questions please contact Leslie Reeves @ X37962. Thank you,   <Sep> Subject :  NETCO Org. Chart 
Email : In considering setting up books for NETCO,  RAC needs the following:  (I recognize portfolio name choice may not be optimal) 1. Ownership of ERMS and Enpower o For Canada, it would probably be best if ownership resided in Houston (Peggy, any feedback would be helpful) 2. Recognizing that portfolio hierarchy may need to be augmented pending buyers request, I recommend three portfolio structures. o Trading portfolio (heterogeneous, incl. everything traders trade) - 2 portfolio's (power & gas) aggregated under NETCO total ? Trader (sub portfolio by risk type) , regional, parent portfolio  (includes all commodities in traders portfolio) ? Example ? NETCO Business Unit o Gas Trading ? Financial Desk ? Arnold o Price o Basis o Exotics o Power Trading ? East Power ? Presto o Long term o Short term o Commodity portfolio Gas and Power (homogenous) ? Example ? NETCO Business Unit o Gas ? Gas Power ? East ? West o Northwest o Southwest ? Gas Gas ? Financial ? West  ? Etc. o Power  ? Power Gas ? Power Power o Curve portfolio grouped regionally - This portfolio does not currently exist. ? Starts with curves, regional, root portfolio, parent  ? Example ? NETCO Business Unit o Gas ? Northeast ? Transco Z6 ? etc o Power ? Northeast ? NEPOOL ? Etc. Additionally, we need to correct curve shift reporting in Risktrac as well as bench mark positions. In the past Canada was "grandfathered" under its legacy transactions, but under NETCO there should not be any legacy deals and as such Canada needs to report its risk the same as we do in Houston. PortCalc may need to be modified to handle currency issues and other as well as new curves may need to be created. When creating new curves, please copy in ERMS 90 days worth of price history so that we can measure VAR. I apologize if this is vague, please feel free to provide feedback. Thanks   <Sep> Subject :  NETCO Portfolio Book Structure 
Email : From Kevin Presto:  Attached is the spreadsheet version of the template we discussed this morning. I have added the additional columns everyone requested. I would now like the business unit leads to fill in the blanks such that we have an initial Power Implementation Plan that can be delivered to Louise on Friday. With respect to East Power (I am out Thursday and Friday), I am delegating to all of my desk heads the responsibility the following: 1) Have all of the forms attached spreadsheet forms complete 2) A product offering sheet is added to the template. Fletch & Dana - Please take the lead on creating the product offering list (physical and financial). My recommendation is we put products out through 03 for all regions (financial and physical). Obviously, the physical products will be contingent on receiving a power marketing license. Cory and Don Baughman - Please take a crack at identifying all of the transmission service agreements we need for the East (Christi has started a list already). The transmission agreement list attached can be used to prioritize or assign commercial people to transmission/pool agreements. It is not correct on the timing under the pools, so don't rely on that column.   <Sep> Subject :  NETCO Implemention Template 
Email : Confidential:  For Internal Distribution Only  The purpose of this e-mail is to bring everyone in the loop on activities on the west desk that we are undertaking to preserve as much value in our book as possible. I realize that our efforts to date have not been communicated to all internal people who need to know what we are doing. My apologies for this. Hopefully this e-mail will accomplish that goal. A number of counterparties in the west have not yet terminated our deals and have benefited from our inability to procure power in the market to serve these deals. As a result, we haven't been delivering on several contracts that are deep in the money. Our counterparties have no motivation to terminate our contracts because such a termination would force them to write us a substantial check. Instead, these counterparties have been happy to not receive high priced power from us and are filling their positions in the market at much lower prices. We have taken the limited supplies that we are still receiving and delivering these limited supplies to the highest price sales contracts that we have. We now have the ability to prepay for additional supplies in order to fulfill additional pre-petition obligations that have not yet been terminated that are in the money. We have received approval from the Cash committee for purchases through December 27th (I think) and we will secure additional cash to continue on. Here are the procedures as I understand them. If you have any questions or modifications please me an e-mail or give me a call. Cash Desk Each cash desk needs to identify all transactions in its region that have not been terminated. On a counterparty by delivery point basis we need to assess whether the weighted average of all near term (next day to next week) deliveries with that counterparty are in the money. If the average of all transactions with that counterparty at a given location are in the money, we should submit a request for and endeavor to serve the entire portfolio of deals with that counterparty at that delivery point. We are of the opinion now that we will not be able to cherry pick deals with one counterparty at the same location. The cash desks should prepare a two week view of the positions that we will need to fill and an estimate (based on spot market prices) of the cash that we will need to serve these transactions to Steve Thome. The cash desk should provide a daily list of prepay deals that have been done to John Postlethwaite via e-mail. The cahs desk should provide a list of all historic prepays done so far to bring John current. Marketing Desk Steve Thome will coordinate the cash approval process for the west desk. The marketing desk is responsible for lining up counterparties who will be willing to supply us on a prepay basis. The marketing desk should direct any legal questions from sellers to Steve Hall/Christian Yoder. Make sure that sellers fax a copy of the confirmation letter to Steve Hall/Christian Yoder at (503) 464-8058. The marketing desk needs to work with the cash desk to buy power on a spot basis. We don't necessarily care who buys it, but rather, we want to ensure that we receive the best price and that all purchases are communicated. Whoever secures a supply needs to communicate the need for cash to Steve Thome. Deal Entry The new deals need to be entered in a manner that will be possible to settle. After discussing the matter with Stacey White, she recommended entering the new deals in Enpower as zero price, non MTM, with an annuity equal to the prepay amount. We should enter notes into Enpower indicating that these are prepay transactions. This will allow settlements to match an annuity in Enpower with prepay out the door. It will also prevent them from paying the counterparty twice. I'm sure that I've missed something. Let me know. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  New West Power Deal Info 
Email : In case you are interested, my father-in-law, Cary Jones, has his own recruiting business. He specializes in accounting positions, but might have leads in other related areas also. His number is 281-491-3950 and his email is cjones@wt.net <mailto:cjones@wt.net>. My home # is 281.579.9428, cell # is 713.444.9008 and email cbabel@msn.com <mailto:cbabel@msn.com>. I enjoyed working with you guys. Good luck and let me know how it goes.   <Sep> Subject :  Jobs 
Email : Stacey,  I enjoyed talking with you this afternoon. I understand your current situation and wish you luck in the near future. If anything should change please let me know. As discussed, below is a  brief overview of the job description we talked about. Anything you can do to help would be great. Accounting Manager within the Power Trading group. * lead a staff of seven * supervise the tie-out and settlements of mwh purchases and sales with external counter parties * reconcile trading profits to the general ledger * oversee preparation of balance sheet reconciliation * review aged receivables/payables * ensure proper controls are in place and proactively work to upgrade the accounting processes and controls as necessary * work closely with internal and external groups to resolve business issues and gather information  * 8 plus yrs in public and/or energy accounting, including a min of 2 yrs exp in power trading accounting  Thank you in advance for all of your help   <Sep> Subject :  Power Accounting Manager 
Email : Just a reminder.....Bunko is Monday at Michelle  Chesebro's house....her address is 10107 Ballinger Cir. If you haven't paid your $30, please remember to  bring it. Marta....I think we will need at least 1 sub so go  ahead and come if you can... Please let me know if you can't make it....Thanks  Shalene   <Sep> Subject :  February Bunko 
Email : Hi girls! Just wanted everyone to check their calendars for some upcoming events. Madeline's baptism is going to be Saturday, April 6th during the 5:30pm mass. We plan on having a little celebration at our house afterwards. If you can't make it, we understand, but we'd love to have you come. We talked about doing Stacey's baby shower the next weekend, April 13 at Kathy's house. Does that date still work for everyone? Let us know soon so we can start making plans. Talk to you soon. Angela  P.S. for Chris - If you think you can come for one of the weekends, you should choose Stacey's shower - it won't hurt my feelings! :)  ===== Angela & Brad McDonald ABMcDon@yahoo.com   <Sep> Subject :  Madeline's baptism/Stacey's shower 
Email : Sorry I haven't called, it's been crazy. I am actually sitting on a plane about to leave for Cancun on our mgmt trip. I need to call and catch up with you$... See how the baby's doing, check on your status with Enron, etc. If I ca find a stamp in Cancun, I'll mail yor b-day card  Take care- Chris   <Sep> Subject :  Happy Birthday 
Email : Will,  I am attaching a list of the deals (both physical and financial) which simply need a desk name change to East or West Bankrupt, whichever is relevant. My list details the deal #, counterparty full name and the termination date. Let me know if this makes sense, and as always, thank you so much for your help! Casey   <Sep> Subject :  desk change list 
Email : Stacey,  In talking with the Estate team, it sounds like they will be needing a few different types of info to help in the unwinding process. In addition to the MTM reports you guys have been putting together, could we also do a delta position report by month? Also, it would be helpful to get a list of deal specs and terms for each counterparty, basically like we were working on for David Forster before the bankruptcy. I'll check with Kim Theriot on this as she was putting the list together before, but we will also want to get a MTM breakdown by deal for each counterparty. These requests are not super urgent. Basically I'd like to get the breakdowns sometime in the next week or two. Hope that is OK, as I know you guys are inundated with requests at this time. Let me know if you have any questions or if this overlaps with any other requests. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Requests, etc. 
Email : All,  I have modified Deal Liquidation as follows (new version in stage). 1.) You can now query based on counterparty and phys/fin in addition to specifying a deal number 2.) You no longer need to provide the leg of the deal. Specifying the peer will grab all of the legs. 3.) The new splitting process will work as follows. If the entire deal is prior to the termination date (inclusive), then nothing is done to the deal. If the entire deal is after the termination date (exclusive), then the desk is simply changed to East Bank or West Bank. If the deal crosses the termination date boundary, the deal is copied as follows: For the original deal: All legs prior to the termination date (inclusive) are not changed. All legs after the termination date (exclusive) are killed. All legs crossing over the termination date are truncated. This includes deleting strips starting after the date and truncating strips that cross over the date. For the new deal:  This deal will be in one of the Bankruptcy books All legs prior to the termination date (inclusive) are not copied. All legs after the termination date (exclusive) are copied as is - no strips are changed. Any legs crossing over the termination date are copied and modified to reside solely after the date. This includes deleting strips that end prior to the date and modifying strips that cross over the date. These changes should allow you to perform all of the tasks necessary to close out deals with any counterparty. Please test and let me know if there are any problems. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Deal Liquidation 
Email : 1 15-16 oz can yellow cream style corn 1 cup saltine cracker crumbs 1/2 tsp salt 2 Tbls butter 2 beaten eggs 1/3 to 1/2 cup evaporated milk 1/2 cup crumbled bacon 1/2 cup shredded cheddar cheese  Combine corn, cracker crumbs, mix well. Add salt, eggs, milk, bacon and mix well. Place in 12 by 7 inch baking dish. Top with shredded cheese and bake for 30-45 minutes at 350 degrees. Recipe can be doubled and baked in 13 X 9 dish.   <Sep> Subject :  Corn Pudding 
Email : Marisa, Rafael, and Darryl,  Based on Darryl and my discussions with Rafael earlier this week, the accounting treatment for Modesto Maranzana plant and the associated gas and power contracts will be changed from MTM to accrual effective with December accounting. Changes PPA Amortization and Depreciation  -  Marisa We need to adjust the PPA amortization and depreciation ytd balances. PPA amortization - the actual amount of the purchase price allocated to the contracts was different from the $2,220,219 used in the MTM model. Depreciation - I know the salvage value in the model $10,000,000 USD after 5 years is different and I think you were using a longer useful life. Marisa, please calculate the impact of these changes and let Rafael, Darryl, and myself know. MTM Reversal  -  Martha & Darryl The net impact of reversal the MTM will be a gain of approximately $978,000. This is the reversal of the forward value recorded for the PPA's and plant as of November 30, 2001. Effective today, I will stop including the positions in the feeds to RistRAC. Interest  -  Martha Still waiting to see if we reserve the historial amounts. The impact on 0502 books is zero as the expense and revenue was booked to the same account just different profit / cost centers. The income was booked to Modesto Capital Charge 27244 / 150407 which was supposed to roll up to the Office of the Chair for Lavo. Left Georgeanne Hodges a message on the subject. If you think of any I forgot to mention, please let us know. Martha   <Sep> Subject :  Accounting Treatment Change from MTM to Accrual for Modesto  Maranzana power plant and associated contracts 
Email : Debbie-  I have attached two Excel files representing the P&L by counterparty for all deals in the East and West Bankruptcy portfolios. Please do not hesitate to call if you have any questions or if you need any additional information. Thanks!   <Sep> Subject :  East and West Bankruptcy Portfolios 
Email : I've simulated the Aggregate power portfolio's VAR with the BPA contract (approx. $51MM) as a stand alone (approx $3MM) and with the BPA position reversed out (approx $49MM). Only issue seems to be that the VAR related to the position per credit Agg does not "tie" with VAR related to position in Enpower - I'm attributed this to the peak/off peak simulation difference. Specifically, the credit agg file does not define what was peak or off peak, whereas file from Enpower did, resulting in more accurate measurement of risk. Bottom line is that BPA removal appears to be risk reducing. Frank   <Sep> Subject :  BPA removal 
Email : Kendrich wanted me to let everyone know that he is having a Christmas Party at his parents house in Cuero. It is set for Sunday, December 23 at around 6:00 p.m. Please spread the word!!!!!!!! Snacks and Appetizers will be provided. BYOB. Benson   <Sep> Subject :  Christmas Party 
Email : I just wanted to keep you posted on the information that I know so far abou= t the move. Of course, it could change with in the next five minutes so it= 's not written in stone. =20  As of now, the move for the  6 th floor is scheduled for Friday (2/8). Not=  exactly sure what time this is going to take place yet. Please make sure = that everyone is packed and ready by early Friday morning.. If there is so= meone out on Friday, please make sure they pack before they leave or you ha= ve someone pack their stuff for them. Please make sure that everyone clean= s out their desk completely. I know that boxes are hard to find right now.=   If any of you know that you will need quite a few boxes for your groups, = please let me know ASAP so I can have them delivered by Thursday . I know = that there are some boxes on floor 4 in the South building, so you might wa= nt to just go grab some. Labels hopefully will be here Friday morning. On= ce I get them I will immediately pass them out. I have attached the floor = plan for the 6 th floor for those of you that want to know where your group= s are going (if you don't know already) . Plus you might want to show it t= o your groups so they know where to report to on Monday morning. =20  If you have any other questions please let me know. I will update you as s= oon as I find out more or if there are any changes to this schedule. = =20 =20  Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Move Information for the 6th floor 
Email : OK, I haven't done this in a while. The unofficialized book list has been revised to include the 19th's data, not the 20th's. Sorry for any inconvenience.   <Sep> Subject :  12/19/01 Unofficialized book list - Revised 
Email : Today's Terminated Deals report is now in the o:\_Dropbox\Bankruptcy Books directory for your use. Please let me know if I can help with any additional requests. Stephanie   <Sep> Subject :  Terminated Deals Report COB 12 19 01 
Email : Let's talk about Weather Alert on Weds. It seems that checks sent out pre-petition are being presented to be bank and there are no funds in the account. Who is the parent of Weather Alert? Do we know of any reason that we need to honor these checks?   <Sep> Subject :  Weather Alert 
Email : Please ensure the following is done each day:  1. All East calcs are calc'd Official Ad-Hoc Desk and then Officialized  2. Nymex calc of three remaining gas books is calc'd and Officialized  3. East Bankruptcy calc is calc'd Official Ad-Hoc Full Book but NOT Officialized  4. Send an e-mail with the bankruptcy calc post id to:  Debbie Brackett, Stephanie McGinnis and John Powell  Thanks!   <Sep> Subject :  Daily Must Dos 
Email : Happy Holidays from Wells Fargo Happy Holidays to you and yours from all of us here at Wells Fargo. We hope you enjoy an especially meaningful month of celebration and  togetherness with family and friends. May your holidays be filled  with light and heartfelt gladness. We also wish to take this opportunity to embrace the spirit of the  season and express our sincere thanks to you for being a Wells Fargo  customer. We never take for granted your trust in us to help you  achieve your financial wishes, goals and dreams. During the last year we have worked hard to improve your experience  at wellsfargo.com . To serve you better, we've made significant  changes to our site. These include new improvements and additions to  our products and features such as:  ? Bringing many new product applications online  ? Establishing online access to all your personal Wells Fargo accounts  ? Adding resource centers and tools  ? Launching the Wells WirelessSM service  And, of course, we're especially proud this year that Wells Fargo  Online Brokerage was ranked #9 of the Top Internet Discount Brokers  by Gomez*. We look forward to serving your needs in the New Year by continuing  to enhance our site as well as the products and services we offer. May the coming year usher in a happy, healthy and prosperous year for  you. And remember, now during the Holidays and all year long, you  can access a wealth of Wells Fargo resources, products and services  at your convenience at wellsfargo.com . Best Wishes,   <Sep> Subject :  Your December WellsWire 
Email : Stacey, figured out where 88MM of our 89MM difference is between the two portfolios. Duplicate deal with Powerex. Mid C is out about 1MM so I will look at it when I get back. Call me at home if needed. John   <Sep> Subject :  West vs Bankruptcy 
Email : gang -   I've saved the Netco working dpr onto a disk and I'm going to work on it at home tomorrow. I'll give you guys a ring in the morning to "touch base" and see what's goin' on! Later! Casey   <Sep> Subject :  dpr update 
Email : Below is an updated list of recent contract terminations. I believe we need to review our internal notification system to make sure this information gets distributed in a more timely fashion. United Illuminating - effective January 1, 2002 HQ Energy Services - effective January 1, 2002 First Energy Solutions - effective January 2, 2002 Old Dominion - effective January 10, 2002 - we should schedule in PJM through the 10th of January (do we have any other positions with Old Dominion). Ameren Energy GPU Energy - effective January 21, 2002 - we should schedule in PJM through the 21st of January (they may push back, but we should remind them that they will be subject to LDs). Call David Portz at 3-9239 with questions.   <Sep> Subject :  Recent Contract Terminations 
Email : We need to meet on Wednesday, the 2nd, at 2:00 pm (in the big conference on the sixth floor in ECS) to go back through the East Power contracts that we will continue to serve either through the pools or under bilateral deals. Given the drill we went through today in preparing for the January schedules in PJM and NEPOOL, it became apparent we need to get all the team members on the same page and make sure we have a good system for notifying all relevant parties of terminations, changes, etc. Bill/Ed - Can you please run the most recent DPR for non-terminated East Power contracts. Casey and Stacey - will you please update the spreadsheet that you ran for Kevin last week. Let's make sure we all agree on contracts that have been terminated. As most of you probably have seen, a number of terminations have been received in the past several days (see below). United Illuminating - effective January 1, 2002 HQ Energy Services - effective January 1, 2002 First Energy Solutions - effective January 2, 2002 Old Dominion - effective January 10, 2002 - we should schedule in PJM through the 10th of January (do we have any other positions with Old Dominion). Ameren Energy GPU Energy - effective January 21, 2002 - we should schedule in PJM through the 21st of January (they may push back, but we should remind them that they will be subject to LDs). Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  East Power Meeting 
Email : Dear all,  Your PCs setting for Excel applications is ready for  UBS. This afternoon I have run some tests on J.P and Andrea PCs. It look fine. I also copy some pure library file back to the system. However, I have not worked on any other file. Please let me when the  files can be worked. For DprAutomation with "J9". I make two versions. One is for Estate, (since the environment in UBS are not ready for "J9", then we have to test on Estate). You may have to login as Estate to test it. Another is  for UBS. Both of versions are at M:\Power_devl\Test\Swap Liq\. J.P.,  I have to run for my last bus and am not able to run test and give you answer for your concern about Gas Shift question in new DprAutomation today. I will give you an answer tomorrow. Thank you!   <Sep> Subject :  System Setting and files for UBS 
Email : On Wed morning, we need to re-run all the calculations for Dec 31. We will be using Dec 31 vs Dec 18 and capturing all liquidations. For anyone who worked on the Dec 18 p/l we will be using the same procedures for prior day amounts. John   <Sep> Subject :  Wed Jan 3 
Email : Steve, I wanted to send this email in reference to Min Zhen with regards to the fact that he has not been included as one of the employees that will be a part of the new company. I wanted to make you aware of the fact the West and Canada power risk management groups consider Min to be a vital and very important part of the IT support that we receive. His knowledge and understanding of several very important excel macros that we use daily is critical to the success of our groups. It must be noted that on several occasions when other people were asked for help in areas that Min supports, the response was slow as people tried to understand what the problem was and how to fix it. I feel that is very important and necessary that Min be a part of the staff for the new company to ensure that all the risk groups continue to receive the exceptional support that we have come to expect from him. John   <Sep> Subject :  Min Zheng 
Email : Dear All,  Please test the Stage Release of PortCalc version 4.2.1s1 and let us know of the results. The executable is      /stage/egs-home/ermt/bin/pwrcalc_slr           New Features:  Version 4.2.1s1  Changes Affecting All:  Asian strip  Fixed the Curve shift numbers in the adhoc table. Index Option  Break up one single adhoc record into two records for physical and financial. Basis Option  Fixed the issue on the break down of Peak and Off Peak curve shift for the second delivery point. Performance Improvement  Disable unnecessary sensitivity calculation to improve performance typical for hourly options. Cross Portfolio flag form deal entry is now used. Before this change, PortCalc used to determine which deal is cross portfolio using internal logic. Curve and Position Manager  PortCalc will now populate the peak_hours_num, off_peak_hours_num, sun_peak_hours_num and sat_peak_hours_num columns in the adhoc table to provde volumetric information for the Curve and Position Manager. Changes Affecting Australia:  Asian strip  Always use curve price for effective date to avoid next-day financial true up for that day, so that current previous day value can tie up yesterday's value. SRA   New Deal type. Changes Affecting VATR:  Populate the INSTR_TYPE_CD as TRANSMISSION in the pwr_vatr_port_posn  table for Transmission deals. Please do not hesitate to ask if there is any questions. Thanks,   Norman. x36976.   <Sep> Subject :  PortCalc Stage Release 10/29/2001 Version 4.2.1s1 
Email : Stacey:  The Gas Risk group is requesting that we preserve only a specified list of curves/pub codes for  NetCo/UBS, and to delete the rest of the curves from TAGG/ERMS. Please provide a list of Natural Gas curves/pub. codes that you would like to preserve in NetCo/UBS. I am attaching the list of Natural Gas curves to preserve that Kam provided, for your reference:     Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Curves for UBS/NetCo 
Email : Please note that on 10/29, the West Power made approximately $17.7 MM today (prelim), of which $17.8 MM was from Curve Shift. We made curve shift mostly in Mid-Columbia, $24MM, and ZP-26, $9.7MM, and lost some in SP-15, $15.9MM. Please see the attached file for curve shift by delivery point by year. Please let me know if you have any questions.   <Sep> Subject :  West Power Preliminary P&L - 10/29/01 
Email : John/Kam and Donnie/Casey,  Attached is the proposed hierarchy for Day 1 of testing (Wednesday afternoon as I understand) - see "VaR Hierarchy" tab in the spreadsheet. Please confirm that my population of books is complete and accurate. Thanks, Vlady.   <Sep> Subject :  Proposed Book Hierarchy 
Email : Attached is the Active book listing for 10/26/01. If you have any questions please contact Jennifer Velasco, as this message is sent on her behalf. NH   <Sep> Subject :  Active listing 10/26/01 
Email : Dear Casey, Donnie,   We have made some final changes to the Financial curves UNIX file generation, and finished the testings for today. The curves for region Into AEP ( R2A), basis point Ameren (B10), Michigan ( B12) and Illinois ( B37) have some differences between the Excel files and the New Curve Manager due to data-entry. Apart from that, the tests went well with no other problems. We are ready for Production on Monday, and Arun, Siva and Anand will help the traders like the last rollout. Please let us know if there is any questions or concerns. Regards,   Norman.   <Sep> Subject :  MW Regions Roll Out. 
Email : Commodity logic is the process of updating the look and feel of their products. They need two personal from settlements, confirms, and logistics. The group CL has engages will be here on Tuesday and Wednesday of next week. The meetings will be for one hour (they promise). They would also like to have a demo with the management team. (also Tuesday or Wedesday)  Please provide the names of the reps to me plus with best times on Tuesday and Wednesday. Also, CL is looking for one more person to add to their team. They are looking for someone with mid and back-office experiences to help with marketing. If you have any one that maybe interested please let me know. Also, The CL module managers will be calling on you to help coordinate the gathering of contact information for various counter parties. Just to give you a heads up. Let me know. thanks   <Sep> Subject :  commodity logic request 
Email : I just wanted to give you an up date on the review with Heather. My primary=  focus with her was taking on to much responsibility and not focusing enoug= h on the end results of her project such as Renewables. She just needs to s= pend more time ensuring that the numbers being reported are correct and acc= urate the first time, not after it goes into production. There had also bee= n a complaint from Fran that Heather is not involved enough with the daily = routines and may be taking the group for granted when it comes to the day t= o day work. Heather agreed with that but the problem that she faces is that=  Nick, Fran and Sam use that inter messaging system to communicate instead = of verbally and as a result Heather is left out. I was thinking of telling = everyone that there should be no use of the messaging system for business r= elated issues within our group and also implementing the assigning of respo= nsibilities to people for a couple of weeks then rotating it around. That w= ay nobody can say somebody else is not helping enough. All in all it went w= ell otherwise. She is was very receptive to my concerns and readily admitte= d to areas of improvement. Couple of other things that I got from the meetings that might help the gro= up. The first is an informational meeting with settlements and maybe accoun= ting to understand what they do with the reports that we send each month an= d secondly, another meeting (hopefully better) regarding VaR and how the re= ports that we produce are used.   <Sep> Subject :  Final Review 
Email : I completely forgot to ask you what the mood is like in Houston after everything that has happened. How did you meeting with Sally go? Any gossip? C'mon, you gatta have something.   <Sep> Subject :  Follow up 
Email : Here's how to find the funny Survivor recaps that I was telling you about at Book Club. You have to scroll all the way to the bottom of the page to find the Africa updates. Enjoy, Bridget     - Salon.com Arts & Entertainment.htm   <Sep> Subject :  Survivor Updates 
Email : So far I have talked to everyone but Heather. As I mentioned Nick was much = better than I anticipated. He said things were a little slower than he was = expecting but nothing else. The point I wanted to get across to him was to = take the initiative in working with Jeff and getting more involved within o= ur group. Fran was a little unusual. She was concerned about having to wait each morn= ing before running liquidations because we are not flat and she felt that i= t was a bad reflection on the group if we reported late. She was also conce= rned about the Enpower QandA meeting and why none of the West issues had be= en taken care of that have been sitting there for a couple of months. She a= lso couldn't understand why it mentioning your name before they would take = the index option out of the PCS. She just wished that if Bill Crooks requir= ed your approval then he should say so. Finally, while she has seen some im= provement with Heather, she is still a little unhappy with her. She feels t= hat Heather is not doing her part in helping with the day to day routines e= nough, disappears for a while,etc. I told her that I would talk to Bill abo= ut the status of our projects, that we need to run liquidations by 9 each m= orning no matter what and I will address the issue with Bill Williams and T= im only if necessary. Heather's issues I was going to address anyway, so we=  will see how that goes. I did tell Fran that she has really stepped up and=  become a "lead" in this group and that she is doing an outstanding job. I = also mentioned to her that I talked to you about the work status thing and = she was very grateful for that. I asked what her long term goals were and s= he thought at some point about getting into structuring and maybe doing tha= t in Houston! I was surprised by that comment. Sam's went fairly well. Her only concern was regarding team spirit. Not wha= t I thought it meant thought. She really means interaction between people, = so I have suggested that we go more regular meeting depending on what proje= cts are going on within the group. She also is comparing herself to Fran an= d the learning curve. She wanted to know how she could learn more like what=  Fran has done. The only thing that I see as different between the two is t= hat Fran has been heavily involved with the index and Asian options. I reco= mmended that Sam take on some of these "testing duties" and she was happy a= bout that. John   <Sep> Subject :  reviews 
Email : Stacey-  I know that I left you a voice mail on this, but just to keep Kristin in the loop as well. After our conversation this morning, I talked to Paul Bromley again. He has asked that you keep in the loop as to your interview schedule so that he may coordinate with his team and Andersen as to attending the interviews. Again, thanks for doing this for us! I know that you all are busy. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  UK and Continental Power DS 
Email : All,  This past weekend, additional performance related changes to the EnPower production environment were implemented. Our database environment was upgraded from a 32-bit version of Oracle 8.1.7.2 to the 64-bit version. This upgrade increases the maximum size of memory cache available to our applications from 4Gb to 25Gb. Apps that cache large amounts of data will experience reductions in physical I/O thereby increasing application speed. Once again, this change represents one of many short-term steps to improve the performance of our core wholesale trading system. I'll continue to send out notifications as these changes are implemented. We will review the complete set of short and long-term performance related improvements in an upcoming architecture review meeting TBA. Glad to discuss. Steve   <Sep> Subject :  More EnPower Performance Related Changes 
Email : During the IT Offsite held on 10/12/01,  we formed a team of IT and business leads to develop high level information flows within and between EES and WHS. The team was directed to identify business areas that would benefit from the integration and potential sharing of systems. Todd Busby and I are leading this effort. In summary, our 3 week project plan includes developing a baseline process and information flow diagram across EES and WHS for Jan. '02, recommendations to be implemented by June '02 and our business vision for one integrated EES/WHS system solution by June '03. Beth Perlman provided Accenture on 10/15 to assist in the facilitation and analysis of the data gathered. Todd and I began the project on Monday, 10/15/01 and we will complete our initial analysis on Friday, 11/02/01 (3 week effort). Last week we completed a project scope, schedule and initial high level information flow diagram which I have enclosed below. In summary, we are holding approx. 5 workshops a week with the business leads in the integration team. On Wednesday, 10/31, we will spend the day with EES/WHS IT to complete systems overlay's on our business process and information flows.   <Sep> Subject :  EES/WHS Systems Integration Team Status-Directive from IT Offsite  Mtg. 10/12 
Email : LLoyd Will and Kim Melodick have requested your help in identifying what YOU feel it takes to be successful within each functional unit of East Power. This feedback will be used to create a recruiting, retention and development tool that will assist East Power in identifying the skills and training that are key to your group's success. Please take some time to answer the attached four questions as they relate to your area. Your participation and cooperation is greatly appreciated. Sarah Zarkowsky x53791 Ben Brasseaux x58747 Meliza Evanson x57855  Enron North America Human Resources   <Sep> Subject :  Sorry - correction on question # 4 
Email : Susie-  The attached file details the Wind position at January 31, 2001. I apologize for the delay...I was having trouble with the curves that I needed in order to recalc, but was able to resolve the problem. Let me know if you need anything else. Andrea Dahlke   <Sep> Subject :  Wind Position at 1/31 
Email : Dear Stacey and Kristin-  I have attached the 2000 Doorstep report for UK and Continental Power. Unfortunately, Gas, EGM and EIM are also co-mingled in this report. I apologize. I will bring to the planning meeting their responses and status of these findings (I unfortunately, cannot email these). Stacey - FYI, I kinda discussed this with Kristin. But RAC is no longer going to play an active role in the doorstep process. We are going to use their business expertise and concerns during the planning meeting, but other than that, they have agreed to be available on a "consulting" basis after that. I am working with Paul Day (Andersen Sr. Mgr in London) and Paul Bromley (London EAS) on either getting an Andersen deal tester for you all or just substituting Andersen's deal testing for ours. Additionally, EAS has performed a Client Self Assessment (similar to a "what could wrong" or control analysis form). I am trying to get a copy of that prior to you all leaving for the doorstep. I hope to have more info by next week, but wanted to pass this along. Thanks,  Christy   <Sep> Subject :  UK and Continental Power DS Report 
Email : Hi Stacey:  Several weeks ago Amy Fitzpatrick contacted me about if/how we could coach John. By now you have obviously heard about our response. This morning John called me and said he was ready to get started. What I need from you is your 'ok' (via e-mail is fine) to do this. We would continue to bill you (your cost center) as we have been doing for your other folks we are coaching. Please call me or send me a note at your earliest convenience. John and I have a telephone session scheduled for Tuesday afternoon. Also, I'd like a summary from you of what outcomes you want the coaching to produce. Take care, enjoy the beautiful weather  Jill   <Sep> Subject :  John Postle...... 
Email : There was some confusion in scheduling the update meeting today. We are on for 1:30 in ECS05776. Please plan on attending this important meeting. A preliminary agenda is attached. Steve   <Sep> Subject :  East Desk Update Meeting Today 
Email : Hi,  Is anyone talking to you guys about sourcing end of day Interest Rate Curves for your various risk management systems, or would you like me to arrange for them to be sent to you at the end of each day? I could arrange for a file containing the OBS (UBSW Interest Rate Derivatives system) yield curves to be e-mailed to you once they are saved every afternoon. The official closes for the USD and CAD LIBOR curves are saved down at around 3:30pm / 3:40pm New York time each afternoon. The files would contain prices for the swaps, futures and money market instruments that are used to build the curve, and also the corresponding zero coupon rates on a continuous A/365 basis. I guess we would have to talk about the exact form that your systems need the rates to be in to see if any conversion would be necessary. Cheers,   <Sep> Subject :  Interest Rate Curves 
Email : Dear All,   After the Windows Accounts migration tonight, our UBS traders will not be able to access the Estate EnPower Curve Manager. We are going to copy all the existing Curve data and files from the Estate to the UBS servers tonight. This would be the Final copy, so the UBS Curve data is considered Production data. Starting tomorrow, please let the Estate Traders mark the Estate Curves, and UBS traders mark the UBS Production curves. Estate Curve Manager will NOT be available between 8:00PM 2/4/2002 and 10:00AM 2/5/2002. UBS Curve Manager will be available starting 10:00AM  2/5/2002. Please let us know if there is any questions or concerns. Regards,   Norman. PS. Kathy, please contact Min if you need help on Alberta's Excel Position Managers ( Curve) files.   <Sep> Subject :  Marking Curves For Tuesday 2/5/2002. 
Email : Dear Stacey,   The R21, R22 curves for 2/5 have been copied over. However, there is no 2/6 curves for Estate, so those are not copied. The 2/6 Alberta Post IDs were calculated using Non-Exact curves. Will the Estate Alberta curves be marked in the future? Thanks,   Norman.   <Sep> Subject :  Canadian Curves. 
Email : To prepare for the simulation test that will run this week, can you please make sure the necessary people in your group have the appropriate access to the UBS application to perform their job function. For example, I know that the Reports application was used by most groups and that the risk groups also used the Bridge Monitor application. Although we are not expecting any problems to arise, please let me know of any issues your group has logging onto the system. Thank you for your help! Dawn 3-9353   <Sep> Subject :  Access to UBS application 
Email : As a follow up to our meeting yesterday, here is a proposed timeline for the simulation which is scheduled for Thursday February 7th between 9:00 am and 11:00 am (Houston time):  Monday February 4th: Complete preparation of Simulation Events and scripts  Tuesday February 5th: Credit will provide a list of priority counterparties (anticipated to be approved for launch date) Online Operations activates all counterparties on priority list in database and inactivates all other counterparties Credit uses Profile Manager to provide profiles for approved counterparties RAC inputs Sigma Factors into the database for all active Product Types Online Operations will issue new application and website User ID's and Passwords to Traders Online Operations confirms Product Types and Products are in the database Online Operations confirms Online Contracts are in the database  Wednesday February 6th Online Operations completes desktop check-ups for all application and website user Traders access applications and review products and stack relationships Counterparty User ID's and Passwords will be issued to role players Credit rolls headroom into online database (evening) Online Operations confirms database is set to Simulation scripts  Thursday February 7th Simulation Trading 9:00 to 11:00 (Houston time) 11:00 Emergency shut down of transaction system 11:00 Simulation feedback 11:00 - 3:00 process simulation transactions through mid and back office systems 3:00 - 8:00 Shut down all systems to purge transactions Credit rolls headroom into online database  Please contact me if you have any questions or concerns on this. Please notify me if any of these tasks are not or will not be completed on the day suggested. Thanks   <Sep> Subject :  Simulation Tentative Timeline 
Email : Dear Kathy,  I have checked your Terminal Server. The setting is ready for UBS. I also copy some pure libary file or application without Enron records back to the system and your Terminal Server. The Excel Version Position manager is ready for used. DprAutomation has been changed. The changes are on the production files. Please let us know if there is any problem.. Thank you!   <Sep> Subject :  System setting and files for Alberta 
Email : Frank,  I'm attaching a list of the curves East and West Power will be using at UBS. You will be able to see that we aren't using near as many as we did in our "Enron days". Let me know if you have any questions! Thanks!   <Sep> Subject :  UBS East Curves 
Email : Thank you for attending, or sending a proxy too, the UBSWE migration meeting this morning. Wanted to update you with some "late breaking news". Legal will not have their compliance policy completed by close of business today, therefore we cannot publish all of the information that we covered in the meeting ... therefore we aren't going to migrate anyone on Sunday night as I had previously stated. So we have a little reprieve .... There is a possibility that we will migrate everyone Monday night ... I will communicate as soon as I hear a definite answer. We will continue to work through the issues/points you raised today (thank you, by the way).   <Sep> Subject :  UPDATE, PLEASE READ: UBSWE Migration 
Email : Dear all,  I have checked John and Fran's Terminal Servers. The setting is ready for UBS. I also copy some pure libary file back to the system. However, I have not worked on any other file. Please let me when the  files can be worked. Thank you!   <Sep> Subject :  System Setting and files for UBS 
Email : Offer for Wells Fargo Customers. Save on your year 2001 Tax Preparation  with Quicken  TurboTax  for the WebSM Save 20%! TurboTax for the Web is easy, fast, complete--and 20% off!1   <Sep> Subject :  Wells Fargo Special Offer on Quicken(R) TurboTax(R) for the Web(SM) 
Email : Things You Won't See On Hallmark Cards...  OUTSIDE: As the days go by, I think of how lucky I am... INSIDE:  That you're not here to ruin it for me. OUTSIDE: If I get only one thing for Christmas... INSIDE:  I hope it's your sister. OUTSIDE: I've always wanted to have someone to hold, someone to love. INSIDE:  After having met you, I've changed my mind. OUTSIDE: I must admit, you brought religion into my life. INSIDE:  I never believed in hell 'til I met you. OUTSIDE: Looking back over the years that we've been together, I can't help but wonder... INSIDE:  What the fuck was I thinking? OUTSIDE: I always wanted to be rich, powerful and well-respected. INSIDE:  And while I'm dreaming, I wish you weren't so damn ugly. OUTSIDE: Sex with you is like using drugs: INSIDE:  Lots of people do it, but nobody's stupid enough to admit it. OUTSIDE: When we were together, you always said you'd die for me. INSIDE:  Now that we've broken up, I think it's time you kept your promise. OUTSIDE: The holidays are a great time to be with family. INSIDE:  Of course, your family won't be with you, since I'm taking the kids and moving in with my sister, you cheating bastard! OUTSIDE: I'm so miserable without you... INSIDE:  It's almost like you're here. OUTSIDE: If you ever need a friend... INSIDE:  Buy a dog. OUTSIDE: Congratulations on your new bundle of joy. INSIDE: Did you ever find out who the father was?   <Sep> Subject :  Things You Won't See On Hallmark Cards 
Email : This is the first draft of the planning document for the simulation to be held next Thursday - 02/07/02. I will continue forwarding the revised copies of this draft as it changes. Please let Bob Shults, Carl Carter, or myself know of any additions or revisions you would like to suggest on behalf of your group. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Simulation for www.UBSWenergy.com - Draft document (01/31/02) 
Email : Stacey,  I'd like to notify you that tomorrow, January 31st, 2002 will be my last day at Enron. I am resigning to pursue another career opportunity. It has been good working with you, and I wish you and your team all the best. Tim Carter   <Sep> Subject :  Letter of Resignation 
Email : Postle,  I just did a download from Global Facilities of all the delivery points associated with Mid-C, NP15, SP15 and Rockies. You might want to get with Kara (or someone else in scheduling) to determine which points are still actively used. If you find that you're deleting alot more than you're keeping (as was our case), simply highlight the ones you want to take forward to UBS and send the file to Kim Theriot. Let me know if you have any questions! Casey   <Sep> Subject :  west delivery points 
Email : Andrew-  I have created a draft of our RisktRAC book setup spreadsheet for East Power. Can you take a look at it and see if everything is accurate. One issue I have relates to the 'Trading Location' field. We had previously used 'US Power East', but this is not part of the dropdown menu in the field. Has this location been changed to something else? Thanks!   <Sep> Subject :  East Power RisktRAC setup 
Email : Kevin Presto has informed me that they will be trading on only a portion of the curves which are currently in the Curve Manager. As a result, we would like to migrate ONLY the curves that they will be using for UBS trading so as not to take up any unneccessary space. As a result, attached is a list of the EAST curves that we would like migrated to the new curve manager for UBS trading. John P. - Please provide the guys with a similar list for the West. Please let me know if you have any questions. Thanks!   <Sep> Subject :  Curves to be migrated 
Email : Stacey   I need to get the ENA Cal files for December. I'm really mainly looking for the liquidations and the rollforward at this time. Please let me know if there will be any problems getting those to me. Thanks   <Sep> Subject :  ENA CAL Dec Files 
Email : Mark,  Good Afternoon! you have 258 shares being vested in Jan 2002. It is too early to tell what the taxes will be, I'm sure we'll be notified before the release date. Thank You! Best,   <Sep> Subject :  shares 
Email : From the 12/11/01 New Dem Daily. Please let the Colorado DLC know what  you think. This week the long, windy debate in Washington over a so-called economic  stimulus package will likely be resolved one way or another. Putting aside  all the partisan finger-pointing as to who is responsible for this or that  twist or turn in the process, the bottom line is very clear: Republicans  are unwilling to support any stimulus package that does not include  significant new cuts in tax rates for wealthy individuals and  corporations. We think that's too high a price to pay for the modest  relief efforts for the unemployed that should be the focus of this legislation. The overall economy is not in as bad a shape as many feared at the  beginning of this debate. Fiscal stimulus is already being supplied by new  federal spending related to the war on terrorism and homeland defense. The  tax rate cuts Republicans demand will in any event have no positive  short-term impact on the economy, and could damage its long-range prospects  by boosting future federal budget deficits. In effect, the GOP is holding  unemployment relief hostage to yet another installment in its relentless  drive for tax cuts targeted to high earners. It's time for Democrats to call the whole thing off, and call the  Republicans' bluff on unemployment relief by decoupling it from tax rate  cuts. Congress should be debating whether to cancel some of the high-end  tax cuts enacted earlier this year, in order to pay for the war on  terrorism. Instead, Congressional Republicans have spent months talking  about new demands on public funds for the Americans who are least  vulnerable in the economic slowdown, and least likely to make personal  sacrifices in the war effort at home or abroad. If fiscal discipline means anything at all, it means a willingness to  resist these sorts of demands. New Democrats favor bipartisan compromises  in the pursuit of the national interest, but not in the pursuit of special  interests. A deal with Republicans to secure new tax rate cuts would not  be a compromise between "Left" and "Right," but between right and wrong.   <Sep> Subject :  The Stimulus Package: Too High A Price 
Email : You have received this message because someone has attempted to send you an e-mail from outside of Enron with an attachment type that Enron does not allow into our messaging environment. Your e-mail has been quarantined and is being held at the MailSweeper server. Sender:  cmcdonal@mtpower.com   <Sep> Subject :  An Inbound Message For You Has Been Quarantined 
Email : We have received your recent Internet order. Thank you. Please find a summary of your order below. If you notice any problems or mistakes, or just have a question, please call us at 1-800-713-4534 or drop us an email at customerservice@sierratradingpost.com. Sincerely,   <Sep> Subject :  INTERNET ORDER: Sierra Trading Post Order E760643 
Email : 3-day shipping upgrade for just $2! Have some last minute shopping to take care of? Now's the time. For an additional $2, we'll upgrade Ground shipping to 3-day Air--to guarantee your packages get under the tree before Christmas. But hurry, offer expires on December 19.   <Sep> Subject :  "After Christmas Savings Before Christmas" - from Sierra Trading  Post 
Email : This message was passed on to me and I did have the virus on my computer, which means you probably have it as well, because you are in my address book. The antivirus did not detect this. Please read and do the following to get this off of your machine. Dear Friends and e-mail correspondents,  This is a serious e-mail. I anti-virus an e-mail from a work associated warning of a virus that was passed on to him. His PC was infected and since I was in his address book it had probably spread to my computer. I followed the instructions and located the virus. By following the instructions, I was able to delete the virus. The bad news is that you probably have it, as you are in my address book. More bad news is that my anti-virus program did not detect this virus. This virus lies dormant for 14 days and then kills your hard drive. Here is what to do. If you follow the instructions and then see that you have the virus, you will need to send a similar e-mail to everyone in your address book. TO CHECK AND REMOVE VIRUS Click on START pull up to FIND or SEARCH (depending on your computer) and click on FOLDERS OR FILES *Type in sulfnbk.exe this is the name of the virus. *Make sure you are searching on the C DRIVE. *Click on FIND NOW *If the search finds the virus it will be listed in the box below the search. It will have a black icon that will have the name sulfnbk.exe. DO NOT OPEN THIS FILE! *RIGHT CLICK on the file and pull down to DELETE. *It will ask you if you want to delete this file LEFT CLICK YES *Go to your desktop (where all of your icons are) and RIGHT CLICK on the RECYCLE BIN (TRASH CAN) click on EMPTY THE ENTIRE BIN *If you found the virus on your computer you will need to send this message to everybody in your address book, because this is how it is transferred.   <Sep> Subject :  Possible Virus 
Email : Just wanted to follow-up with the status on the gas proposal that you submitted. I have been a little bit side-tracked with a financing project, but still plan to meet with the management group in the next couple of weeks to review the proposals. Please let me know if you have any updates or changes to your proposal that you submitted. Thanks again for your patience.   <Sep> Subject :  Proposal 
Email : www.EnergyAuctionPlace.com - the on-line oil & gas property auction. Place your properties for sale at our February 8th auction. We are seeking:                       1. Royalty and Overriding Royalty Interests                      2. Both Operated and Non-operated Working Interests                      3. Undeveloped Acreage  We offer:   a.. Extremely low cost - You pay Only 3% of the cash sales price   b.. No risk selling opportunity - You only pay when you sell and you set your minimum sale price   c.. Exposure - 16,000 prospective buyers see your sales notice   d.. Your property data available on-line at no charge   e.. We have sold all types of properties in as little as three weeks To sell a property, call up our site at www.energyauctionplace.com and click on SELLER SIGN-UP. Complete the short request form and we will send you a sales information packet. There is no charge to sign up as a buyer. Just call up our site and click on BUYER SIGN-UP and we will send you our buyer agreement in a few minutes by auto-fax. Best wishes for the HOLIDAY SEASON,   <Sep> Subject :  Energy Auction Place - February 8th Oil & Gas Property Auction 
Email : November 27, 2001  Re:    IPAMS 4th Quarter Board of Directors Meeting          December 7, 2001 at the Pinnacle Club, starting at 9:30 am  Dear Board Member:  I wanted to give you a quick reminder that the 4th Quarter Board of Directors Meeting is next week. Hopefully you've already made arrangements and are planning to attend. We have a short amount of time to cover all our topics, so each board member is asked to keep their oral report short (3-5 minutes). Oral reports are intended to touch on highlights such as:  significant issues and upcoming events or activities. For Committee Chairs and State Vice Presidents a more detailed description of your activities/reports should be contained in your written report. A form for submitting your report is also included with this letter. As a reminder, please submit written reports to the IPAMS staff no later than Monday, December 3rd. Please RSVP to Natalie in the IPAMS office by responding to this message or e-mailing her at ngarner@ipams.org. Thanks for your continued involvement, and I look forward to seeing you on the 7th. If you should have any questions, please feel free to call the IPAMS staff for more information, 303-623-0987. Very truly yours,  Robert L. Bayless, Jr.   <Sep> Subject :  4th Quarter Board Meeting 
Email : IPAMS has scheduled the next Media Training for Board Members, Wednesday, January 9, 2002, at 9:00 a.m. in the IPAMS Conference Room. Please RSVP to Carla Wilson, 303-623-0987, or cwilson@ipams.org if you will be able to attend. Space is limited and will be made available on a first-come-first-served basis! Thanks!   <Sep> Subject :  Next Media Training Session 
Email : Been thinking about you, but figured you were busy. Asked the Jernigan's how you were doing and if your group was included in the filing. They said it was, you were trying to sell your group and that you didn't seem worried at all, which is good. Good Luck with that as I know it will be tough. On the bright side, if you sell it, you are a friggin hero for pulling off a deal in a tough environment. If you don't and go get another job, well that's what everyone expects anyway. Again, good luck, tell Lucci hey and have a Merry Christmas. ma   <Sep> Subject :  What's up? 
Email : This time we have an immediate contract opportunity for a Credit Analyst. Please feel free to forward the below profile on or let me know if you have any ideas. Thanks, and have a great day! Best, Paul   <Sep> Subject :  Kainon Consulting - Contract Credit Analyst 
Email : Mark, I have forwarded the invoice to the appropriate person who is handling the pre/post bankruptcy payments - I have not heard back from him yet. He may have or will contact you directly. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Update - Corestaff 
Email : Dear Medicine Bow Shipper:  Yesterday the FERC authorized WIC to placed the entire Medicine Bow Loop and compression into service. WIC will have the contracts in the system and ready to accept nominations on Thursday November 29 for transportation on Friday November 30. Please call me if you have any questions.   <Sep> Subject :  Medicine Bow Loop Approved by FERC 
Email : Lobban, Laine would like to recall the message, "Medicine Bow Loop Approved by FERC". ****************************************************************** This email and any files transmitted with it from the ElPaso  Corporation are confidential and intended solely for the  use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed. If you have received this email in error please notify the  sender. ******************************************************************   <Sep> Subject :  Recall: Medicine Bow Loop Approved by FERC 
Email : Susan, Attached is an invoice which needs to be paid by 01/02/02. Thanks. I will fax the invoice to you today. Please let me know if you have any questions, or need additional information. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Denver Invoice 
Email : The Austin Group Energy, L.P. Monthly Newsletter  Let's describe a typical and recurring nightmare for generating unit operators. It's noon on August 15, temperatures have reached the upper 90s all week; you're well into your reserve margin to serve native load, when a unit trips off line. Do you scramble to find replacement power at record high prices and worry about the consequences later? Or, have you prepared for this event? When the degree of risk has not been quantified, fear of the unknown can lead to restless nights, and understandably so. The financial implications can be astounding when a unit outage occurs during a period of high spikes in market prices. How does this relate to the recruitment and hiring of talent within your shop? Allow me to bring the story together. What would you do if your top employee came to you and said, "You've been great to me and I've learned alot, but I just accepted a job at your level right down the road and they like me so much they want me to start tomorrow." Do you spring into 911 mode or are you ready for this day. Start a relationship today with The Austin Group Energy. We will keep you aware of all available talent in your market area. These candidates are currently employed and do not answer ads. They stay in touch with opportunities through us to ensure confidentiality. Why would Top 5 marketing companies pay us for the recruitment and placement of over 400 successful hires when they could hire them on their own. The smart and proactive companies understand how to outpace the pack when it comes to hiring talent, they call The Austin Group Energy. THE FOLLOWING CANDIDATES ARE AVAILABLE FOR IMMEDIATE OPPORTUNITIES:  Ref# 00012123 Power Options Trading Desk This PhD candidate is responsible for long term derivatives trades/structures (Asian options, heat rate options, weather/power derivatives structures, swing options etc.) Ref# 00012124 Rotational Program- Risk Analytics This MBA Finance candidate is analyzing/evaluating structured transactions and derivative instruments. Has developed a VBA-based delta-adjusted risk exposure model for all asset management groups. Designed intermediate-term forward power curve forecasting model based on gas forward curve. Created Visual Basic Monte Carlo simulator for Excel for option analysis. Ref# 00012125 Quantitative Analyst This M.S. in Applied Mathematics candidate builds short term models necessary to forecast/schedule usage on a portfolio basis, by various levels of aggregation (e.g. region, congestion zone, weather zone, customer, etc.) Constructing statistical and econometric models to accurately predict seasonal customer usage based on rate class, calendar and geographic climate patterns. Ref# 00012126 Quantitative Analyst - Manager This candidate developed and implemented two Value-At-Risk (VAR) methods for Natural Gas. Developed and implemented models for pricing and hedging exotic natural gas options (Gas Daily and Peaker). OpenLink experience with VaR and mark-to-market calculations. Ref# 00012127 Director Derivatives Trading and Portfolio Management Developed Nymex and locational options, position risk management model. Evaluated and assisted in the process of selecting and implementing a new real time front and back office financial system with VAR capabilities. Structured deals for marketers using embedded financial products and  traded natural gas options and fixed for float swaps. Priced and hedged advanced options and swaps such as swaptions, asians, extendibles, expandibles, and spread options. Ref# 00012128 Risk Control Analyst Support Origination and Trading activities by providing daily mark-to-market values and VaR reports through accurate and timely entry of financial transactions into RMS system. Maintain database for RMS system and Integrated Commodity Trading System (ICTS) for entry of financial trades. Ref# 00012129 Risk Manager Responsible for all mid-office trader support functions. Responsibilities include daily senior management position and P&L reporting, process improvements, system implementations, structuring of originated transactions, and rollout of an operational analysis plan. Ref# 00012130 Senior Commercial Analyst:  Pricing and Structures Developing model to incorporate basis and transportation into gas fuel costs utilized in mark-to-market valuation of a gas-fired generation asset. Determined market value of regional power by confirming the marks estimated by the trade desk against independent broker prices. Forecasted resulting previous day's trade-to-market figure for preliminary valuation of book value. Ref# 00012131 Director - Risk Management Analyze financial markets and advise physical traders of hedging and trading opportunities. Analyze market, secure management approval of trading strategies and execute financial trades. Generate position reports for upper management. Ref# 00012132 Risk Management Specialist Perform risk management functions for the gas trading organization, including daily position and P&L reporting. Ensure deal validation and perform problem resolution for executed trades. Create daily VaR estimates for both cash and term traders. Ref# 00012133 Risk  Analyst Determine market value of regional power, confirming the market values estimated by trade desk against prices set for independent brokers. Forecast resulting previous day's trade-to-market figure for preliminary valuation of book value. Participate in daily Value at Risk calculations, exception reporting for daily variances, updating of daily price curves, and updating proprietary models which value long term transactions. Enjoy the holidays! Wishing you all a happy and prosperous 2002! Sincerely,   <Sep> Subject :  TAGE Newsletter 
Email : Mark, I'm sure you've already noticed this, but our cell phones have been disconnected. I thought maybe we could pay for the bill on a credit card and turn it in on an expense report. Susan Helton is trying to find someone to get guidance from as far as getting this bill paid. She said in Houston they are no longer paying for parking or cell phones but she wasn't sure about satellite offices. She would hate to see us not get our expense reports paid. I'll keep you posted.   <Sep> Subject :  Cell Phones are turned off 
Email : Mark, Susan said to go ahead and expense the cell phones. I called AT&T and it was 176.92  so I put it on my credit card and I'll turn it in. The phones should be on now.   <Sep> Subject :  Cell Phones back on 
Email : Mark, Brian, and Steve,  Further to my conversation two weeks ago with Mark, I would like to schedule a visit to Denver 11/19-20. As a reminder, Business Controls is looking at the security posture of Enron facilities worldwide. Currently, we are focusing our resources on domestic sites. At the moment, I am planning for one of our IT specialists to travel from Portland to assist me with reviewing IT back-up procedures, recovery, and continuity issues. If I could impose on you to provide some information about the office, it would greatly help in our planning. In particular, could you briefly describe the office(s); physical location, which floor, how large, how many employees, and any other Enron subsidiaries or offices in Denver. Additionally, would you be our point of contact, or can you designate someone? Thank you in advance for your attention to this matter.   <Sep> Subject :  Denver Visit 
Email : here I come! I will see you tomorrow morning. Anytime in particular that I  should be there? 8am? Just let me know. Let Amy and Theresa know that I  am looking forward to working with them. See ya!   <Sep> Subject :  Ready...set... 
Email : Mark, pls encourage everyone to talk to their customers today and let's let the street know we are as busy as always and that the overall issues are behind us. I have no new info regarding this matter but believe that the proper vehicles are in place to maintain liquidity. I am very interested in what the wholesale customers have to say about our issues. Do they have a mandate to not trade, are they wanting to turn down their exposures etc. If any customers say this, then let me know. Pls keep me posted. BT   <Sep> Subject :  Customer Coverage 
Email : Mark, I was talking to Jay on Friday and he was telling about Kerr McGee shutting down their operations. Is there any play here for you guys.? BT   <Sep> Subject :  Kerr McGee/ Cinergy Structure 
Email : sometimes things really suck out loud, don't they? I still plan on coming  into the office tomorrow. Like I said, maybe we just need to ride it out  and things will be fine...and we'll all live happily ever after! (keeping  my finger and legs crossed)  Still feel like going out on Friday? Maybe we  should do it downtown somewhere. Comedy works first then dancing? Keep  your chin up you handsome devil!   <Sep> Subject :  Bummer... 
Email : Dear Medicine Bow Shipper:  We received notification that the 5th segment to gate valve 6 providing a total firm capacity of 495 Mdth/day was approved by FERC today. Based on the feedback some of you have provided today, and since this is late notice on a Friday afternoon, the contracts will be effective on Monday, October 29, but the capacity will be available tomorrow and Sunday. We filed the 6th segment to gate valve 5 this past Tuesday (October 23) and are prepared to file the final segment as soon as one currently being reviewed is approved. Please call me if you have any questions.   <Sep> Subject :  Medicine Bow Tie-In Capacity 
Email : Thanks for the jokes, Bubba. When are we all going to go out again? I had  such a great time. By the way, I'm not wearing a bra!   <Sep> Subject :  Great come back...... 
Email : I've met with the new Enron CFO when he was COO at Net Works and think he is a complete asshole. That said, the stock is too low and I am now the proud owner of 250 shares. Go BIG E! Just hope that debt rating doesn't get dropped. ma   <Sep> Subject :  Enron 
Email : ISC - Customer Service Survey Ticket#HD0000000698706, Password Reset XMS     : Thank you for taking the time to fill out our Customer Service Survey. Your input is crucial to our continued efforts in establishing and providing you with World Class Support. Please take a minute and complete the 5 question survey then submit it back to us when you are done. Once again, thank you for your participation.   <Sep> Subject :  ISC - Customer Service Survey 
Email : Would you guys have time to discuss the referenced deal either tomorrow afternoon (we have an Employment Law Essentials presentation tomorrow morning...stay away, Lucci) or Friday? Thx. D   <Sep> Subject :  Enserco / Black Hills 
Email : I spoke with the "WebMeister" of the Colorado PUC today. He did not think that the PUC would post on its website the filings by other parties in this docket. He could only find one other party's filing (People's) and didn't see any other comments on file, either in the data base or on other analyst's desks. I will continue to check with him. The hearing is scheduled November 1. Significant issues raised in People's comments are as follows:  Rules should be revised to include a Fixed Gas Cost option (without true-up) in addition to a traditional PGA-type offering - However the comments did not address administrative problems or cross-subsidization issues. Rules did not go far enough in assuring utilties that hedging costs will be recoverable through the GCA The calculation of interest on underrecoveries should be allowed. Currently the interest calculation is asymmetrical.   <Sep> Subject :  Colorado GCA Rules 
Email : So...you never call, you don't write. Did the security video scare you off. It was just a body double, not the real thing! No worries, I won't hurt  you. Call me :)   <Sep> Subject :  Ola Baby! 
Email : Kim,  I've attached a spreadsheet that I'd like to use as an illustration for our phone call. I won't bother explaining it here but if you could print it out for our call that would be great. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Tax Question 
Email : WHERE'S THE BOTTOM???? I'm trying to figure out when to buy in. Brian Day Senior Marketing Representative AEC Marketing (USA) Inc. 950 17th Street, Suite 2600 Denver, CO 80202 (303)389-5006 (720)956-3572FAX   <Sep> Subject :  ENE 
Email : Mark, attached is a file regarding what the payment structures could look like. The plug is the total PV $'s that we will put towards the equation... other than that it is simply a demand charge calculation. Pls coordinate and let me know. BT   <Sep> Subject :  EPNG BP Tariff Sheet.xls 
Email : The attached comments were filed today with the Colorado PUC. A hearing is scheduled for November 1, 2001 in which Enron's and other parties' comments will be presented to the Commissioners by the Commission's Staff. Robert   <Sep> Subject :  Colorado Comment on Commission's GCA Rules 
Email : The convention dates are now January 26-29, 2002. I'm sending you a new confirmation from the NADA for these dates. They are using some of the NFL money to refund 100% of the registration fees for the dealers and managers and 50% of the fees for the guests. Of course I registered everyone before September 11; otherwise I would have registered everyone as managers! I' m sure that's what everyone will do that registers now. Who said "the early bird gets the worm?" Dad   <Sep> Subject :  NADA 
Email : Hello Penny,  It was nice meeting you and your associates yesterday. I presented the income tax issue that we discussed to some of our accountants and they see things a little differently. It is our opinion, that since a cash payment would be offset by the demand charge obligations associated with the capacity contract, it is not income per se, but rather funds dedicated to meeting an out-of-the-money contract obligation. Depending on your accounting method, that money would probably be amortized over the term of the contract. Let me know what you think, perhaps we should have our accountants talk. As for adjusting the cash amount after the San Juan/Permian allocation issue is settled (I'm not sure you could hear all that at your end of the table) we are not really interested in any type of post assignment "true-ups". But we are willing to talk about what those allocation percentages should be. Regarding next steps, on Monday I will provide you with some "alternative" forms of payment and some ways we might spread the payments out0. After that we will look to you guys for your preferred deal structure and payment terms. I'll follow up this email with a phone call today.   <Sep> Subject :  Income Tax Issue 
Email : Hello Paul and Mark. FYI:  CIG proposes to construct and operate facilities necessary to transport additional volumes of approximately 55 MDth per day of natural gas out of the Raton Basin Area in Colorado and New Mexico. The total cost of the project is $26,896,800  with a proposed rolled-in treatment for the expansion out of the Raton Basin Area. Question - Do you all have any issues that you want us to address in regards to the expansion or will a plain vanilla intervention be fine? The intervention is due Nov. 5th. If you could get to me between now and the early part of next week, that would be great. Melinda   <Sep> Subject :  CIG's Raton Basin 2002 Expansion Project 
Email : Enron Federal Credit Union Stands Ready to Assist You Enron Federal Credit Union would like you to know that we stand ready to assist our members affected by the recent events. We are committed to those who may need special assistance during this difficult time. The State of Enron Federal Credit Union We are dedicated to providing our members with all the services they would normally expect to receive. Business will continue to be conducted as it always has. We will continue to provide loans. In the event you have an EFCU loan or credit card, we will negotiate a workable agreement for its repayment if necessary. These arrangements will be made on an individual basis. ATM withdrawals and Debit Card transactions will carry the same daily limits. EFCU will be conducting "business as usual." EFCU is a not-for-profit financial institution (a cooperative) owned and operated by you, the member. And, although we are here exclusively to provide financial services to the employees of Enron Corp. and their family members, we remain financially independent from Enron Corp.  And, your accounts at the Credit Union are insured to $100,000.00 by the National Credit Union Share Insurance Fund (NCUSIF), supervised by the National Credit Union Administration (NCUA), an agency of the U.S. Government. How To Access The Credit Union  You may continue to access your funds in the Credit Union at EB 399, through our electronic services, or at any of our Texas Credit Union Service Center branches:   <Sep> Subject :  Enron Federal Credit Union Stands Ready to Assist You 
Email : Dear Medicine Bow Shipper:  Yesterday, we filed with FERC for approval of the fifth tie-in segment (to gate #6) contracted  for  115 Mdth/day. This will bring the firm capacity of the Medicine Bow system to 495 Mdth/day. We will notify you as soon as we have approval. Please call me if you have any questions.   <Sep> Subject :  Medicine Bow Tie-In Capacity 
Email : Attached are clean and redlines of the revised docs. I forwarded the clean versions to Brian Stone prior. Jessica,  Barry asked for 5 copies of the attached on his desk in the morning for his review.   <Sep> Subject :  Huber Docs 
Email : This warning is sent automatically to inform you that your mailbox is approaching the maximum size limit. Your mailbox size is currently 90170 KB. Mailbox size limits:   When your mailbox reaches 75000 KB you will receive this message.To check the size of your mailbox:     Right-click the mailbox (Outlook Today),    Select Properties and click the Folder Size button. This method can be used on individual folders as well. To make more space available, delete any items that are no longer needed such as Sent Items and Journal entries. You must empty the Deleted Items folder after deleting items or the space will not be freed. To turn Journaling off,   click Tools | Options | Journaling Options and de-select all items. See client Help for more information.   <Sep> Subject :  WARNING:  Your mailbox is approaching the size limit 
Email : Attached are the latest based on our discussions. I couldn't redline the Capacity Release Agreement, so I am only sending a clean version. I would still make a general caveat, that we still need to do a final review of the gathering agreement. This could add to the Transaction Agreement.   <Sep> Subject :  Huber Docs 
Email : Mark,  Attached are the latest. I smoothed out some of your changes and added a section in the TA to address assignment of the gathering agreement. Please review.   <Sep> Subject :  Huber Docs. 
Email : MArk--I put out a couple of calls to find on the 2002 Governors race in Wyoming, and the feedback I got was similiar to what we talked about.....there has not been a clear candidate yet, and Joe Meyers name is one of three possible Republican contestants. (the other two that are being talked about are Eli Bebout and Ray Hupkins--don't know if I got my spelling right on these boys!). Apparently there was alot of discussion about the current US Senator, Craig Thomas, wanting to run and so everybody was pretty much waiting until he made up his mind before jumping into the race. My understanding is that Thomas did make up his mind about 2 weeks ago to stay in the Senate, so your Mr. Meyers may very well be strongly considering a run.   <Sep> Subject :  2002 Governor's race 
Email : I've consolidated the presentation slides we decided on (and added a few). It is still very rough and probably too long, but at a good point to dig in and really discuss what we want to say and how we want to say it. Ty   <Sep> Subject :  Fundies Draft Presentation 
Email : Further to our conversation please find attached the curves on the JM Huber transaction that we have agreed to work off of. The 30,000/day of capacity will sit on the books until next week but the deal with HUBER is effectively completed. In the event that this deal does not close, then the West desk will resume with the same MTM risks that you presently have. Any curve shift positive from now until the transaction is actually unwound will be credited back to the orig desk and any negative curve shift from here on in will be credited to the trading desk... plus ENA Orig and trading will work on a sharing calculation payable for any future deals. In addition to the transportation income being generated, additional orig will be generated by entering into wellhead and market based transactions with the desks. I believe that all of the risks and discussions associated with the structures have been well communicated with each book ( by Mark Whitt ) and we will be meeting with each of you early next week to get the structures and booking set up properly. I trust that this note covers the general areas related to this deal and I am very pleased with the high level of cooperation shown by everyone..  Pls review file and if there are any questions give me a call. BT   <Sep> Subject :  JM Huber Transaction- Confidential 
Email : Dear Medicine Bow Shipper:  This morning we received FERC approval for the third tie-in segment (to gate #8) contracted  for  79 Mdth/day. The contract effective date will be October 12, but you will be able to utilize this capacity as soon as we have it set up in the system today. Additionally, we filed for approval of the next segment (to gate #7) yesterday and will notify you once we have approval. Please call me if you have any questions today, or call Craig Coombs at 719-520-4387 tomorrow or Friday as I will be out those days, back in the office Monday.   <Sep> Subject :  Medicine Bow Tie-In Capacity 
Email : The following reports have been waiting for your approval for more than 4 days. Please review. Owner: David Fuller Report Name: DF10.04.01 Days In Mgr. Queue: 4   <Sep> Subject :  Expense Reports Awaiting Your Approval 
Email : At Gerald's request, I am forwarding a Sample Master Agreement. As you may know, we currently have a GISB in place with Platte River. dp   <Sep> Subject :  Sample Master Agreement 
Email : Attached is a clean version of the LOI. I only revised what was paragraph 6. I tried to redline, but it picked up all the previous changes.   <Sep> Subject :  Revised LOI 
Email : One of the guys here recieved a call from a guy at EES looking for contacts at gas utilities in the Northwest. They are hoping to sell them some sort of deal where they provide the utility structured products and the utility pushes them through to the endusers... isn't that my Cascade deal? Let's discuss Monday, it sounds like something we need to nip in the bud.   <Sep> Subject :  EES 
Email : Mark, do you have any customers that we could invite as a guest to this event. I would be more than happy to host. I have tickets for the Sunday race.... Oct.7. Let's discuss on Monday. BT   <Sep> Subject :  Texaco Grand Prix 
Email : America's Tragedy: TLU Responds     Alumni Reports - On behalf of TLU and its alumni, staff members have been calling and sending e-mail messages to alumni and friends of TLU who live in New York City and the District of Columbia or who grew up in these regions. As of today, Friday, Sept. 27, we have not heard of any deaths or missing people among those whom we have attempted to call. If you hear word of alumni, friends or other members of the TLU community who have been affected by the Sept. 11 tragedy, please e-mail alumni@tlu.edu <mailto:alumni@tlu.edu> or call 830-372-8020 so that we can send cards and spread the word to alumni and the campus. Thank you. First-hand Account - Douglas Rosa, 88G, works as the vice president in the Controller's Division of Deutsche Bank, Manhattan branch. The bank's offices are located some 150 feet from the World Trade Center in downtown NYC. Rosa and his family are shaken, but fine. A first-hand account of Rosa's experience on Sept. 11 follows. Having worked some 150 feet from the World Trade Center Tower 2, Sept. 11, 2001 was a day unlike any other in my life. I arrived at work approximately 6:20 a.m. and before entering my Deutsche Bank building at 130 Liberty St. (on the south side of the WTC #2 Tower and connected by a walking bridge), I purchased a package of six apple cider donuts from the Farmers Market that, just like any other Tuesday or Thursday, was setting up shop outside WTC #5. At approximately 8:50 a.m., I called my wife, Dorothy, home in Caldwell, NJ, from my office on the east side of the 21st floor, to tell her that our building just shook and that there was a large noise - as if a plane had crashed some place near by. After hanging up, I was told a plane had crashed into the World Trade Center. I looked out my window and saw people running for their lives. There were cars on fire and debris flying everywhere. Our building was getting hit with pieces of the debris, and it sounded like a major hailstorm. We could see this remarkable amount of flame and smoke coming from the hole in Tower 1. I screamed to my co-workers to get away from the windows. At that point, many of us gathered our bags, and began walking down the stairs. As we reached the 7th floor, an announcement was made to stay on our floors, not to evacuate. Knowing that it looked pretty dangerous outside, we went back to floor 21. Then another crash came, bigger than the first one. Someone began screaming, "Run, it's coming down." We all ran to the south side of the floor and waited for the next announcement. When it was finally made, they began evacuating floors 1-7. We waited some more. Everyone was shaking from nervousness. Then they announced that everyone (all 41 floors) should evacuate as soon as possible and to use the elevator if needed. We began our descent quickly and orderly. As we reached the second floor lobby, we were told to exit the building and head south. And so we did. I headed 10 blocks south to Battery Park and began looking for ways to travel back to New Jersey. People told us that the ferries were still leaving from the World Financial Center, directly west from the WTC, so a co-worker and I began walking north along the Hudson River walkway, through Battery Park. As we approached the ferry dock, everyone around just screamed and began running for cover. I ran straight for the Hudson River and never looked back. I jumped over the barrier wall and stood there watching as this mushroom cloud of dust kept chasing me. I decided in my own mind to jump in the water if it reached me. Finally, though, it just stopped coming. Needless to say, the ferry never reached the dock. Tower 2 had fallen, and most of us never even realized that it was no longer up there somewhere behind the smoke and dust. Then the radio confirmed it, and we also heard about the attack on the Pentagon. Feverishly, the police directed us further north. As we continued on the sidewalk surrounded by all-glass towers, we were all very nervous. People listened on their walkmans and desperately tried to use their cell phones to reach loved ones. I stopped for an instant to lead a blind woman with a young girl to a policeman. Although everyone was nervous, most people kept walking in an orderly fashion without pushing. We continued up the West Side Highway when, suddenly, the Tower 1 gave way. I turned to watch, but quickly turned away and walked even faster. People dropped to their knees to pray. Eventually, I reached another ferry terminal. I waited an hour and a half in line and borrowed several cell phones to call my wife. I never got through to her until I reached New Jersey, though. Before I got home that night, I walked and ran a lot more. I even found myself in the middle of a bomb scare inside the Hoboken Train Terminal. I ran to Jersey City and spent the late afternoon hours with my cousin, Sr. Lilian Silkowski, a Roman Catholic nun that lives in Jersey City. I was told that two of her students, siblings, in the parish's high school had lost both their mom and dad. That's when it hit me how many lives had been affected. The parents worked in the upper floors of the WTC. Several other students have been taken out of school because their parents were employed in the WTC and have since lost their jobs, and they can no longer afford the tuition. When I arrived home at 8 p.m. that evening, I kissed my wife and my kids. I thanked God for getting me home safe.   <Sep> Subject :  September Newsletter 
Email : Dave,   I mentioned this project to Barry and he suggested that I forward the e-mail to you. AJ is somewhat cagey but here is what I have gathered. He has rights to several leases within the Mist field He acquired these thru his association with Enerfin Energy which is actively producing leases adjacent to NW Natural's Mist Field NW Natural has an agreement with Enerfin that gives them the right to convert all producing properties to storage when they reach their economic limit. AJ's leases are not subject to this agreement but he expects that NW Natural would take a piece of the field He has had some conversations with NW Natural but no specifics have been worked out. He is in desperate need of equity and so came called, hat in hand, so to speak. Just wanted to see if you had any thought son the project or what you interest might be, if any.   <Sep> Subject :  Mist Storage 
Email : Dear Medicine Bow Shipper:  We do not anticipate FERC approval of the second tie-in until later today, so WIC is revising the schedule for contract in service as set forth below. We will notify you if there are any further delays. Judy Warhover will be sending a replacement page reflecting the revised dates early next week. Please call with any questions or concerns. Capacity Contract In-Service Original Dates   <Sep> Subject :  Medicine Bow Tie-In Capacity 
Email : Hi Mark:  I've been talking to the folks at Pioneer Oil Company regarding their coalbed methane project in Sheridan County, WY and have quoted them a gathering rate for redelivery into Big Horn. They currently have only 5 wells drilled, with plans to drill a total of 13 sites, 3 coals each by years end. Based on the results of this pilot project, an additional 100 wells will be drilled in the first quarter of 2002. This pilot project is located in T55N, R79W and is a "stones throw" from BHGG. They are interested in discussing transportation and marketing options. Wayne Fisher has been my primary contact to date and is a consultant working with Pioneer in Sheridan. Tad Butt is President of Pioneer and is located in Billings, MT. (This is their first coalbed methane play; Pioneer Oil Company is a supplier of equipment and services to the asphalt paving industry.)   <Sep> Subject :  Pioneer Oil 
Email : A man boarded an airplane and took his seat. As he settled in, he glanced  up and saw a very beautiful woman boarding the plane. He soon realized she  was heading straight toward his seat. Low and behold, she took the seat  right beside his. Eager to strike up a conversation, he blurted out,  "Business trip or vacation?" She turned, smiled and said, "Business. I'm going to the annual  Nymphomaniac Convention in Chicago." He swallowed hard. Here was the most gorgeous woman he had ever seen  sitting next to him and she was going to a meeting for nymphomaniacs! Struggling to maintain his composure, he calmly asked, "What's your business  role at this convention?" "Lecturer," she responded. "I use my experience to debunk some of the  popular myths about sexuality." "Really, what myths are those?" he asked. "Well," she explained, "one popular myth is that African American men are  the most well endowed, when in fact, it's the Native American Indian who is  most likely to possess that trait. Another popular myth is that French men  are the best lovers, when actually it is the men of Jewish descent. We  have, however, found that the best potential lover in all categories is the  Southern redneck." The woman started to feel a little uncomfortable and blushed. "I'm sorry,"  she said, "I shouldn't really be discussing this with you, I don't even know  your name." "Tonto," the man said. "Tonto Goldstein, but my friends call me Bubba."   <Sep> Subject :  Plane ride 
Email : Will everyone please update this hot list and send it back to me. I think that we are going to have a meeting today. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Hot List 
Email : Are y'all sober yet? Let me in on what's going on with y'all. I can see Ken and his boys going to jail. Bend over. Murph. Timothy E. Murphy   <Sep> Subject :  Howdy 
Email : This email is the monthly update for December on the progress of the  Colorado Democratic Leadership Council and New Democrat Movement in our  state. The Colorado DLC is a think tank focused on local, state and  federal issues of interest to this region. The New Democrat Update is  distributed to more than 3,600 elected officials and private citizens the  first week of each month. **REJUVENATING RURAL COLORADO**  In the old economy, most rural areas had reasonably strong and stable  economic bases to support growth and jobs. In addition to low costs,  plentiful labor and adequate physical infrastructure, rural regions  depended on innovative economic activities "filtering down" from urban areas. Clearly, those days are over. The innovative, well-paying industries  increasingly cluster in the metropolitan suburbs, providing minimal  economic benefits to rural Colorado. To date, most rural economies have  been largely left out and are having significant difficulty competing and  prospering in the New Economy. Rural communities face a new opportunity and challenge to prosper in this  new world. The opportunity -  unlike the old economy, new technologies  allow economic activity to be geographically farther apart while still  functionally tight. The challenge - much of rural Colorado has limited  access to high-speed telecommunications technologies, a critical factor in  determining business location and expansion decisions. Federal, state and local governments, in partnership with the private  sector, must help rural communities adapt and develop innovative,  technology-based economies through seed venture programs,  technology-incubators, industry-university research partnerships and  collaborative technology modernization projects. Ideally, nonprofit  entrepreneurial organizations, linked to the private sector, should run  these initiatives. Much like the digital economy, today's economic strategies take a strong  combination of good hardware and software. The Colorado congressional  delegation can help with the "hardware" by pushing for federal funding to  co-invest in business applications with rural broadband telecommunications  providers. In addition, they should support Senator Tom Daschle's proposal  to provide federal loans to rural utility providers for deployment of  broadband telecommunication connections. Growing and prospering in the New Economy also requires the right  "software" - in this case, the skills and knowledge of young people. As a  result of an undue reliance on property taxes, many rural school districts  experience gross inequities. The state can become a much better partner by  overhauling its antiquated K-12 public school funding system. While money  alone will not solve educational problems, neither will a lack of resources. Innovative private-public partnerships like PowerUP can also help. With  centers that have between 10 and 20 Internet-connected computers, PowerUP  provides practical training to young people by getting technology into  schools, community centers and other organizations. The sites are open and  welcoming, as well as safe places for young people to spend time. Staff  encourage students to work together, and computers are placed so that  supervisors can see what is on each person's monitor at all times. Among PowerUP's notable partners is the Corporation for National Service's  AmeriCorps program, which provides young volunteers who, in exchange for  help with college tuition, go into communities to set up and help manage  the computer centers. As non-technical users and innovators, these  "Digital Brigades" help train local students while implementing  technology-based projects that improve and help the community. Colorado state and local governments should partner with the private sector  and provide matching funds to spur development of rural technology  centers. The State of Florida has taken that approach, leveraging a  relatively modest $500,000 investment and creating 25 computer lab sites  across the state. Universities and community colleges can strengthen the competitiveness of  rural firms by analyzing the specific needs of local economies and offering  consulting services on technology and processes. Public matching funds for  joint university-private sector research can be tied to new product  development. Nonprofit corporations, which share technological innovations and identify  new product and process opportunities, should be organized. New technology  clearinghouses can provide data on new patents and ideas relevant to local  industries. Forming innovative alliances  - as well as leveraging private/public sector  funding, leadership, and volunteers - can effectively meet rural Colorado's  economic challenges. We have no time to waste. **CONNECTING TO RURAL COLORADO**  To develop a progressive majority coalition, Colorado Democrats must do  much in better in rural regions of the state. Republicans control almost  75 percent of county commissions and Democrats send a very small handful of  rural legislators to the State House. In the last presidential election,  Vice President Al Gore lost the rural vote by 20 points. State Democrats at all levels of government can close this gap by closely  examining Mark Warner's gubernatorial victory last month in Virginia. His  statewide message - improvements in education and the quality of life would  bring "knowledge jobs" to all parts of the state - proved decisive. Just as important, Warner embraced mainstream, values-based positions on  cultural issues, realizing that tone matters as well as substance. Our  party can speak about tough issues like gun control and gay rights without  implying that no decent and reasonable person can have a different  view. Voters who feel marginalized, even demonized, by hard-left rhetoric  will almost certainly retaliate. For many rural voters, the role of government is in part an issue of  values. The New Democratic stance on this issue - that government should  equip people to solve their own problems - is sure to make significant  inroads into the rural electorate. **NEW WORLD, NEW WAR**  The November/December issue of Blueprint provides a roadmap on how America  can defeat terrorism, grow the economy and ask all Americans to give  something back. This edition includes provocative articles by DLC <Sep> Subject :  New Democrat Update - December 2001 
Email : The convention dates are now January 26-29, 2002. I'm sending you a new confirmation from the NADA for these dates. They are using some of the NFL money to refund 100% of the registration fees for the dealers and managers and 50% of the fees for the guests. Of course I registered everyone before September 11; otherwise I would have registered everyone as managers! I' m sure that's what everyone will do that registers now. Who said "the early bird gets the worm?" Dad   <Sep> Subject :  NADA 
Email : Mark -  Your credit card payment to IPAMS for the CBM Workshop and Symposium declined. Could you please call or email IPAMS to verify the card number and expiration date? Then we will try again. Thank you,   <Sep> Subject :  VISA 
Email : Good afternoon, Mark. Thank you for the opportunity to speak with you on the 15th and regale you with the background and talents of Christian Schutz. Just following up to see if there are any opportunities within your offices that you would be interested in speaking with him about. Christian is extremely motivated to get to Denver and asked that I follow up with you. Thank you and best regards,   <Sep> Subject :  The Austin Group Energy - Christian Schutz 
Email : <<Enron Blew It - 11-01.doc>>   I just opened my Texas Monthly, only to find more Enron news. Did you see it? The article entitled  "HOW ENRON BLEW IT" Enron's Cutthroat Culture (on the cover) Texas Monthly, November 2001 By Mimi Swartz  For Houston's sake as the Energy Capital, we hope the best for Enron as it turns this thing around. Attached is the article and below is the link and an excerpt. If you have any comments on the article, we always like to hear them. Best, Mark   <Sep> Subject :  Enron in Texas Monthly too 
Email : During this critical time, it is imperative that our management team remain focused on our business and continue to address the challenges currently facing our company. For that reason, I have decided to postpone the Enron Management Conference. The Conference will now be held Friday, February 22 - Saturday, February 23, 2002 at the Westin La Cantera Resort in San Antonio. While the Saturday meeting allows some Enron executives who cannot be away from the office during business hours to attend the Management Conference for the first time, I also recognize that it requires many of you to forfeit additional personal time on behalf of Enron. I truly appreciate your sacrifice and I sincerely encourage your attendance. The new agenda, while still being finalized, will be abbreviated but every bit as informative and worthwhile as previously planned. We'll be in touch soon with more details. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  2001 Management Conference 
Email : I know this could be much more thorough, but I just wanted to shoot it out  to you asap. If you need any more detail on the previous job duties that I  had, just let me know and I can revise and buff it up for you. Thanks  again, so much, for being willing to even consider me. (I'd make a great  parking attendant!) :) - Christina   <Sep> Subject :  Hear we go........ 
Email : The Lands and Environment Subcommittee of the LL&R Committee will meet Friday, November 16, 9:30 a.m. at IPAMS. The subcommittee will be discussing the issues raised at the first meeting and assigning the issues to action groups for implementation. Please RSVP to ipams@ipams.org   <Sep> Subject :  Lands & Environment 
Email : Mark,  I'm mailing you some newspaper clippings from the Houston  Chronicle. We spent the night in Houston Saturday night. We went to Chad Denman's wedding there in the Woodlands. Dad   <Sep> Subject :  Mail 
Email : Dear Mr. Whitt,  It is a pleasure to announce our ninth annual Aspen Clean Energy Roundtable. In keeping with our continual renewal of spirit and enthusiasm, we are holding this event in spring 2002. This will be our first ski-season Roundtable! ASPEN CLEAN ENERGY ROUNDTABLE IX The Aspen Meadows Resort, March 21-23, 2002  - THURS, March 21:  Travel to Aspen; evening registration & reception - FRI, March 22:  Roundtable sessions & discussions, gala dinner - SAT, March 23:  Morning Roundtable sessions; optional afternoon discussion - SUN, March 24:  Departures  We are excited to meet in early spring in Colorado, and hope these dates work for you. A preliminary program will be posted on our website next week. The Aspen Clean Energy Roundtable was created in 1994 to discuss investment in clean and sustaining energy and transportation technology solutions. These include hybrid & electric automobiles, microturbines, fuel cells, hydrogen production & storage, batteries, and distributed energy systems. Energy security will again be a key component of this year?s discussion, which will include policy and investment implications for oil, gas, coal, nuclear, and renewable energy. Innovative technologies will again be highlighted. The Aspen Meadows will be an ideal venue for this year?s Roundtable (please note this event is not connected with the Aspen Institute). Participation is strictly limited to 100 senior executives. All sessions are "off the record" in order to facilitate an open dialogue. Spouses are welcome! There will be ample skiing opportunities before and after the Roundtable. I am also pleased to share that we will soon open our new office in Denver, Colorado. Our new phone and fax details will be provided shortly; in the meantime, please contact me via my email address. We hope you can join us in Aspen in March! Yours truly,  Andrew   Andrew W. Bermingham Managing Director aberm@montreuxenergy.com   <Sep> Subject :  Aspen Clean Energy Roundtable to be held MARCH 21-23, 2002 
Email : I've updated the spreadsheet to show the payables totals for the existing and proposed deals as Jan 25, 2002 and July 25, 2002, respectively. I have also modified the payables calculation to consider only 2002 prices, as this is the applicable period for our exercise. - T   <Sep> Subject :  Huber Summary 
Email : Good morning,  For those of you who don't know me I have taken Anne Bike's place as manager of the West risk desk. I am in the process of loading the Natural Gas Prices reports your currently getting by e-mail onto a website. Once this is ready you will be able to access this website daily to view these reports. In order to grant you access I will need to get your NT login ID and your e-mail address. Can you please reply with this information and any questions or concerns you may have. Thanks   <Sep> Subject :  Natural Gas Prices 
Email : Good morning! You must be having another excitement-filled day? Sorry  about the parking tickets...found them this morning on the floor of my car. Maybe they were stuck to my clothes? I just want you to know I'm ready to  come back as soon as the agency gets their shit together. Come on  Enron...KEEP ON KEEPING ON!!!!!! Have a good day. - Christina   <Sep> Subject :  Hi there! 
Email : Mark, for right now, I would not suggest we pursue any external hires. We are going to see  a lot of internal staff from different business groups looking for work. BT   <Sep> Subject :  New Hires- External 
Email : Dear Medicine Bow Shipper:  This morning, WIC requested authorization from the FERC to place the Medicine Bow Loop project (pipeline and compression) into service. We requested and anticipate approval next week, and assuming that approval, the project will  be placed in service late next week. Under the terms of your Medicine Bow Loop contracts, the reservation rates and your initial first month MDQ's will become effective December 1, 2001. I will update you on any developments and notify you when we have received and accepted the approval requested above. For Medicine Bow Lateral Shippers, your MDQ's will proceed as set forth in your contracts, and you will see a reduction in your rate for November to 12.6 cents per dth (to reflect total MDQ's exceeding 350 Mdth/day) and for December to 12.0 cents per dth (to reflect the Medicine Bow Loop in-service). Please call me if you have any questions.   <Sep> Subject :  Medicine Bow Tie-In Capacity 
Email : Good morning everyone, There will be no Structure Sheet tomorrow morning since the Nymex is closed today for American Thanksgiving Holiday. Distribution will resume on Monday. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Enron Structure Sheet - November 22 
Email : We have received your recent Internet order. Thank you. Please find a summary of your order below. If you notice any problems or mistakes, or just have a question, please call us at 1-800-713-4534 or drop us an email at customerservice@sierratradingpost.com. Sincerely,   <Sep> Subject :  INTERNET ORDER: Sierra Trading Post Order E703207 
Email : The PGA Tour Championship will be held at the Champions Golf Club on October 29 - November 4, 2001. This year, EES and EWS have joined together to provide a unique customer entertainment option at this event. Instead of the normal hospitality tent at the course, we have obtained a house that overlooks the 18th fairway and 17th tee box. Food, beverages and shuttle service will be provided daily. Due to security issues, no personal cars will be allowed to park at the house. Attached is the preliminary program agenda and shuttle service information. EWS has access to 25 tickets daily. To order tickets, please send an E-Mail Request to Laura Pena including the following information: Name, title and location of requestor Company name   Department name Number of tickets (No charge will be allocated to individual cost centers)   <Sep> Subject :  PGA TOUR CHAMPIONSHIP 
Email : What are y'all's (yall's, y'alls, other - is there a correct spelling for slang?) plans for this evening? Jason, are you coming home first or staying downtown? Our babysitter is getting to the house at 7:00 PM. If y'all want to ride together, just let us know. See ya, - Bub   <Sep> Subject :  Mucky Duck 
Email : Attached are pictures of the newest addition to the lake house. Mike & Kelley, friends of ours, took these pictures last week. See ya, - Bub   <<fish01.bmp>>  <<fish02.bmp>>   - fish01.bmp   - fish02.bmp   <Sep> Subject :  Bob & Maureen's Lake House 
Email : Howdy! My name is Jennifer Bohac '87 and I am the new Director of Travel for The Association of Former Students. I am excited to be here and look forward to working with you. We are currently scheduling the trips for 2002, lining up some wonderful and exciting packages and destinations. I think you will be very pleased at the great trips we are putting together -- there will be something for everyone. We will be featuring two "Young Aggie" trips,   <Sep> Subject :  Traveling Aggies 
Email : Thank you for registering for the AOL Instant Messenger(SM) service! Your registration for screen name jwilliaenron has been received. You are now one step away from being able to: * Communicate instantly -- it's fast, easy, fun and free!   <Sep> Subject :  AOL Instant Messenger Confirmation 
Email : Here is a list of the cuts we had for 4/7/01 - 4/9/01 as of this morning. I am also including the deal numbers that I adjusted as well. I think I put a note on each deal about the cuts..   ENOVATE    4/6/01  4/7-4/9  4/10/01   Conoco to ENV Sitara #669940   10,333  6,733  21,133  Cut 3600/day x 3 days = total cut of 10,800 (Baseload deal), included 10,800 on 4/10/01 number   Marathon to ENV Sitara #711702     2,265  1,770  0  Cut 495/day x 3 days = total cut of 1,485 (swing deal only)  Hunt to ENV Sitara #704697   10,000  3,300  0  Cut 2,200/day x 3 days = total cut of 6,600 (swing deal only)  ENV to EMW #684625    25,000  18,705  10,800  Cut 6,295/day x 3 days = total cut of 18,885 (10,800 base and 8,085 swing), included 10,800 only on 4/10/01 number  ENRON MIDWEST  ENV to EMW #684625    25,000  18,705  10,800  Cut 6,295/day x 3 days = total cut of 18,885 (10,800 base and 8,805 swing), included 10,800 only on 4/10/01 number  EMW to PGLC #572911    20,000  13,705  38,885  cut 6,295/day x 3 days = total cut of 18,885 (10,800 base and 8,805 swing), included 18,885 on 4/10/01 number  ENRON NORTH AMERICA   <Sep> Subject :  Cuts for the weekend 4/7/01 - 4/9/01 
Email : Willy -   I having an electrician come out to install a new thermostat at your house. He can do it sometime today or tomorrow. I gave the electrician your work and home phone numbers so he will be calling you to see when he can go out. We think the thermostat you got is a lemon. We are just going to have a new one installed and see if it solves your problems.   <Sep> Subject :  Fixing Your Thermostat 
Email : Jason,  The following reductions will be deducted from Peoples daily SIQ purchase of 125,000 MMBtu/day. For the 19th, our Transportation Services area reports that Peoples was cut by 1,158 MMBtu (780 @ TTP and 378 @ Border Will County to ANR Contract 104684). Here is a revised breakdown of the 19th:  PGL Baseload                103,081 PGL SIQ                        123,842 (125,000 minus 1,158) PGL DIQ                                  0   Revised Total Purchase 226,923 Peoples @ North Shore   (10,050) Revised Will County        ( 39,622)      Upstream Volume       177,251 Sell Back to Enron           (50,000) @ Gas Daily minus $.01     Enron @ TTP Net        127,251  For the 20th, Peoples was cut by 2,025 MMBtu (1,272 @ TTP and 753 @ Border Will County to ANR Contract 104684). The 20th should now look like the following:  PGL Baseload                103,081 PGL SIQ                        122,975 (125,000 minus 2,025) PGL DIQ                                  0   Revised Total Purchase 226,056 Peoples @ North Shore   (10,050) Revised Will County        ( 39,247)      Upstream Volume       176,759 Sell Back to Enron           (50,000) @ Gas Daily minus $.01     Enron @ TTP Net        126,759  For the 21st, Peoples was cut by 96 MMBtu (62 @ TTP and 34 @ Border Will County to ANR Contract 104684). The 21st should now look like the following:  PGL Baseload                103,081 PGL SIQ                        124,904 (125,000 minus 96) PGL DIQ                                  0   Revised Total Purchase 227,985 Peoples @ North Shore   (10,050) Revised Will County        ( 39,966)      Upstream Volume       177,969 Sell Back to Enron           (50,000) @ Gas Daily minus $.01     Enron @ TTP Net        127,969  Call me if you have questions. Jer   <Sep> Subject :  Final cuts regarding gas days May 19th thru May 21st 
Email : Effective Friday the 13th of April, I will no longer be employed by Larry R. Cook & Associates, PC. I know, I know, the end of an era, you thought you felt the earth slowly grinding to a halt, etc. etc. I just had to realize I was just a legend in my own mind. I'm moving to the big leagues - I'll be the 35ish employee at MGL Consulting www.mglconsulting.com - the firm provides comprehensive registration and compliance services to broker/dealers, investment advisors and insurance companies. I'm coming on board to manage the growth of the company through financial forecasting, modeling and planning as well as being billable in a role of support for our associate securities attorneys in litigated matters involving securities - both for and against brokers. MGL is around the corner from Hewitt Associates in The Woodlands - so the Suz and I will probably carpool (or walk) to work! Although it has been a difficult decision to sever my career from Larry, the opportunity at hand versus the current utility was too great. We will remain the best of friends, and as such, will have ready access to one another as this transition occurs. For those of you fortunate enough to be clients....I will no longer be able to serve you in a manner consistent with what you should expect as I will not be immersed in the day to day operations of the retail financial world and the information that comes with that. However, for those of you not aware, Larry has always reviewed and been aware of all our accounts. Therefore, you can expect him to continue to monitor and advise you on your portfolio and planning for years to come. You do have options: 1) do nothing and everything continues as is  2) move your account to another broker  3) change your account to no broker or to another broker of record. With any of these options we'll be more than happy to accommodate. Larry is available if you'd like to meet and/or visit with him at any time. Larry and I will continue to work together on clients that I'm involved with for as long as necessary (i.e. if you still want to place trades through me or contact me to resolve a move or initiate a rollover, etc., that's more than great!)   <Sep> Subject :  news 
Email : Jason,  Peoples will continue to sell back 50,000 for the last two days of May @ Gas Daily minus $.01. I'm sending you this E-mail to confirm our intentions. Jer   <Sep> Subject :  Sell Back for gas day May 30th 
Email : Jason,  it's me, Jay Elms. You know, Amanda's husband. What's going on? I understand you and Ferg are only playing about 72 holes of golf per week. Down from the normal 96. I'm up to about 18 holes every 6 months. I'll dominate both of you when we play again. Ya'll need to come visit us in Austin. Hey, I've got a buddy I worked with that also got laid off.. he was in corporate communications for us. Can you get the name of someone in Enron's Corp. communications dept.? He is interested in Enron and I told him you were the president of the company and could basically hand him a job if he wanted it.. If you can get a name, that would be fine.. if not, no problem. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  ...hmmmm... 
Email : HOWDY AGS! The Howdy Club, Houston A&M Club and Reveille Club are sponsoring  AGGIE NIGHT AT ENRON FIELD  It's the Astros vs. the Rangers on Friday, June 15, 2001, starting at 7:05 pm. Tickets in the Mezzanine are $12. The attached flyer provides additional details. If you would like to order tickets with Enron ,  please fill out the attached spreadsheet  and email it back to Heather Johnson(x53240). Be sure to drop off your check at  EB1833C. Information and checks are due by 2 pm Monday, June 4  to receive your tickets through the mail. Come join other Aggies@Enron at Irma's Southwest Grill 1314 Texas at Austin before the game on June 15.   <Sep> Subject :  Aggie Night at Enron Field-June 15 
Email : Just wanted to let you know that my email address has changed. The new address is "greg.miller@crossmark.com". This new address is now working. My old address will continue to work until June 30th. If you have any questions please let me know. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  email address change 
Email : Jason,  Irene Isais of our Transportation Services department notified me that Enron North America was cut 1 MMBtu per day from March 13th through March 15th. The 1 dekatherm cut occurred on Trunkline. Peoples will reduce the baseload FOM priced quantity on the 13th and 15th by 1 MMBtu. It will cut the DIQ amount of 21,973 by 1 dekatherm on gas day March 14th. The FOM price was greater than Gas Daily on the 13th and 15th while Gas Daily was the higher price on the 14th. Jer   <Sep> Subject :  1 MMBtu/per day cut to Peoples from March 13th through March 15th . 
Email : Region: Europe Status: Resolved  Summary: Outlook - script problem  Your IT support case number HD0000000463189 has now been closed by dhayes (Daniel Hayes). In order to improve the quality of support we provide, we would like to know if you were satisfied with the service you received on this call. Please select a grade from the list below which best describes the service you received:       1 = Excellent      2 = Good      3 = Satisfactory      4 = Poor      5 = Very Poor  and reply with any additional comments you think might be relevant. Thank you for your co-operation.   <Sep> Subject :  How did IT Support perform on call number HD0000000463189 ? 
Email : It's that time again. If you are up for playing 42 this Thursday (6/7), please let me know. We'll kick things off around 8:00 PM. So far, I have verbal commitments from Jason, Von, and Mike. I was hoping to get two tables going and try to play a round robin tourney. So, Todd (it's been a couple of weeks), Scott (you said that you wanted to play), Hatch (you had fun last time, right? ), and Ferg (you don't want to miss the fun, do you?) reply to this e-mail and let me know you can make it. See ya, - Bub   <Sep> Subject :  42 on Thursday 
Email : Reminder The Enron Oral History Project Continues...  "Using History to Help Enron Become the World's Leading Company"  How can an understanding of strategic choices, regulatory change and corporate culture help Enron achieve its vision? Speaker: Joseph Pratt, Cullen Professor of History and Business, University of Houston and  Co-Director, Enron Oral History Project  Thursday, June 7 11:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. EB 5C2  To Make a Reservation, Call 3-1941 and Select Option 1  Lunch will not be provided, but you are welcome to bring your own. Please inform us ahead of time if you need special accommodations to participate in this meeting. Call 3-9390.   <Sep> Subject :  Reminder 
Email : To all,     Well, if you didn't already know...we didn't make it to Texas! We were suppose to fly out of Frankfurt, Germany on Tuesday, June 5th but Jason got sick. Sunday late afternoon, Jason said his mouth hurt and we had our neighbor who is a doctor look at his throat. It was a little red but nothing serious (at that point). Nolan and I had had sore throats over the last two weeks that lasted a few days so I figured Jason would be recovered by the time we arrived in Houston. Then, I stayed up until 5am Sunday night/Monday morning doing laundry and packing. Monday, Jason and Nolan went to school and all seemed well while I ran around doing last minute errands. That evening, Wayne drove us to Wuerzburg so that we would only be 1 1/2 hours from the airport in Frankfurt rather than 3 1/2 hours. The boys both seemed fine and played outside for an hour or so when we arrived. We were staying with friends. During baths, Wayne noticed a rash on Jason but didn't think anything of it. But, as we were putting him in bed, Jason seemed hot. We took his temp (over 102) and gave him motrin. Then, since the main military hospital is in Wuerzburg, we decided to take him in to get him started on some medicine if needed. Before he left, we looked in his throat--this time his tonsils were almost   <Sep> Subject :  Texas 
Email : Dear jason,   Over the course of the season we have tried to provide you with the latest in-depth Rockets information and promotional offers via our e-mail newsletter, e-blastoff. In an effort to continue to provide you with the most useful information, we'd like to ask for your feedback on the following questions. To answer the questions, just hit your "reply" button and type your response underneath each question. When you have answered all questions, click on the "send" button. Thank you, in advance, for your time and comments.   <Sep> Subject :  We Would Like to Hear From You! 
Email : Critical Migration Information: Please note your migration date did NOT appear in your previous e-mail. Please reprocess your information on your migration date: April 18th. We apologize for any incovenience this may have caused. 1. Your scheduled Outlook Migration Date is THE EVENING OF : April 18th 2. You need to press the "Save My Data" button (only once) to send us your pre-migration information. 3. You must be connected to the network before you press the button. 4. If a POP-UP BOX appears, prompting you to "ABORT, CANCEL OR TRUST SIGNER" please  select TRUST SIGNER. 5. Any information you Add to your Personal Address Book, Journal or calendar after you click on the button will need to be manually re-added into Outlook after you have been migrated. 6. Clicking this button does not complete your migration to Outlook. Your migration will be completed  the evening of your migration date. Failure to click on the button will result in your data not being imported to Outlook. If you encounter any errors please contact the resolution center @ 713-853-1411   <Sep> Subject :  3 - URGENT - TO PREVENT LOSS OF INFORMATION 
Email : To: Rybarski, Amanda; Moore, Kevin G.; Hogan, Irena D.; Bates, Kimberly; Villarreal, Alexandra; Presas, Jessica; Young, Becky; Vuittonet, Laura; Quezada, Daniel Cc: Hardy, Kimberly; Panos, Jason; Hernandez, Jesus A Subject:   Please forward to your groups  There is only 1 week left before moving into the new building. There are two shredco containers located at EB3206E and in the freight elevator for documents that need shredding. Also there will be a couple of large trash containers located on the 32nd floor today 11/2/01 and next Friday 11/9/01. Please start the cleanup process. Remember:  1. You can only move 6 boxes per person plus equipment 2. Take home all IPAQ'S, Blackberry's, Palm Pilots and Laptops Friday 11/9/01 so that nothing is misplaced 3. If you have a cellular phone charger on your desk....don't forget to pack  4. Clean out all Voicemails by 5:00 PM on Friday 11/9/01 5. The new Enron Building will be closed to all until 5:00 AM on Monday Morning. If you try to come up here, you will not be allowed in the      building. 6. Please give your User ID and Password to your assistant so she/he can make sure that everything is up and running for you on Monday  morning. 7. If you have a headset, please pack it. They will not be installed until Monday morning. 8. Since there are no amtels moving, please be sure you have MSN messenger installed in your computer because this is what your assistant  will use to give you your       messages. If you do not have it, your assistant can help you install it. 9. Please label your PC, Boxes (on the ends), and cradles, scanners, etc. You will have a new mouse and keyboard in the new building and your  monitors will have speakers on them so you don't have    If you have any other questions or concerns, please let me know.   <Sep> Subject :  Move Information 
Email : Here are my notes from today's call. As with Monday, I've focused on getting them out as quickly as possible rather than taking extra time to re-organize them by subject. Enron's business has been grouped into three buckets:  Core, Non-core, and Under Review. Core:  Wholesale energy business in North America and Europe, retail energy, pipelines Non-core:  Broadband, water, and international assets (i.e. EGAS). Enron has approx. $8Bn in investments in these assets, and they have produced 'dismal' returns. Enron will be exiting these businesses and will attempt to wind them up in an orderly fashion. An aggressive divestiture program has been set in motion for these assets. Under Review:  EGM, EIM. These businesses are being closely examined to determine whether they have a reasonable chance of long-term viability. Required resource levels are being carefully studied. Following review, Enron will move the different portions of these businesses to core or non-core as the analysis dictates. Approximately $800MM of asset sales are under contract and expected to close in the fourth quarter. These include a gas LDC in Brazil, EcoElectrica, and our Indian E&P assets. Enron is in active pursuit of an additional private equity infusion of $500MM-1Bn. Given the current environment, raising equity in the public markets would be 'inefficient', McMahon says. Short-term liquidity is provided by the $3Bn of credit drawn upon a few weeks ago, the $1Bn of new debt, and the $1.5Bn equity infusion from Dynegy. Longer-term, the proceeds from the sale of PGE will provide liquidity. Asset sales over the next year will be used to pay down debt. McMahon described the major off-balance-sheet vehicles: Marlin was set up to hold Azurix assets. It was initially capitalized with $950MM of 144a debt and $125MM of equity (raised from Enron and institutional investors). The debt is supported by the equity and by Azurix' assets. Enron is obligated to cover any deficit at the time the debt becomes due on 3/17/03 (the 'Enron topup' obligation). The 3/17/03 date is accelerated in the event that Enron is rated below-investment-grade by any one of the three major agencies. The primary asset of Marlin is Wessex Water. As long as Wessex is worth at least $2.6Bn, there will be no Enron topup required. If we take a 25% haircut to present book value, Enron will have to provide $650MM in consideration upon retirement of the debt. This $650MM would hit Enron cash, income, and equity balances. Osprey contains energy-related assets and 'other assets'. It was initially capitalized with $2.4Bn of 144a debt and $220MM in equity (ENE and institutionals). As with Marlin, the entity is an asset-backed structure with an Enron topup guarantee. The debt is supported by a) the assets; b) $1Bn of convertible preferred ENE (convertible into 50MM shares of ENE common); and c) additional ENE common as needed for topup. Assuming the same 25% hypothetical haircut to current book value, Enron would have to deliver approx. $600MM of topup funds--which would hit ENE cash, income, and equity. The debt must be retired by 9/17/02, with the same cut-to-junk early trigger provision as Marlin.   <Sep> Subject :  Highlights from ENE Analyst Conference Call 11/14 
Email : Hi Jason, First of all, just want to wish you Joanna a happy thanksgiving. We certainly have a lot to be thankful for. Susan and I are leaving tonight visit her dad. I'm going up to Wisconsin to visit Mimi in two weeks. She still sound very tired.   <Sep> Subject :  Happy Thanksgiving 
Email : Great News, Guys! Ron gave us his floor seats for the Phoenix game on Wednesday, December 26 (7:30 PM). Please let me know if you can make the game. See ya, - Bub   <Sep> Subject :  Rockets Game 
Email : Gals,  Hey guys! I am feeling a little happier today...we had sunshine yesterday! And I took full advantage of it. I took the boys out to the playground in the backyard at 1100 and didn't come in until 5pm! I even grilled hotdogs and hamburgers for lunch for 8 kids and 5 moms! We had one big picnic. Our location with the neighborhood playground in our backyard is perfect--I   <Sep> Subject :  Tuesday 
Email : 24 April 2001   Hey dude, what's going on? I'm glad we got a chance to chat the other day even if it was brief. The Navy has really gotten even with me ever since I got married. Those years during flight school where I had a bunch of time to goof off were awesome, but unfortunately over. I guess they wait until a pilot has all of his qualifications and then they definitely get their money out of him. It only makes sense. I can't believe I'm finally on my deployment. This has been a cloud hanging over my head for some time now. I guess I'll be back soon enough. We are in transit steaming out to the far east and just passed the Yucatan Peninsula, Cuba, and Jamaica. Unfortunately, we did not get to stop in any of those places. These e-mails could potentially be monitored because they are sent via satellite so I am unable to tell you where we are or where we are going, only where we've been. I'll keep you posted. The conditions on this ship are not too bad. I've got a nice stateroom and everything I need for a cruise.... Except the ability to get off when I want to and see my wife. I have not been flying too much lately, I've been standing a lot of watch though. I guess they are letting the newer guys get some experience. When you're in  the middle of the ocean standing watch at 3 am and its so dark that you can't see anything (not that you can see anything but water anyway) it's a pretty calming feeling. You can see so many stars its unbelievable. There are no city lights to drown them out and its spectacular. We have hit some rough seas and landing on the ship has been challenging, but good practice. I've been pretty busy because I just took over a new division. I've got 60 young guys that are extremely hard workers but sometimes don't always use the best judgment. I'm sure I'll have some interesting stories when I get back. Anyway, I just wanted to say hey and give you the scoop on me. I hope to be a little bit better about keeping in touch out here. Please say hello to everyone for me and could you please send me Hatcher's e-mail address. Also, if you could do me a favor and say hey to Cassey every once in a while, she's pretty lonely. Until next time, Adios!! !   <Sep> Subject :  what's up 
Email : Kriendler and Willy -   Would you guys be willing to have your installations done for the Remote Energy Management Pilot done next week. You would be 2 out of the 10 first test homes. I would be coming by with the installers and possibly some media people. You can get the royal treatment. If so, I need to get some information:  1)  What is your address. 2)  What is your home phone number? 3)  What is your office phone? 4)  Do you have dial-up internet connection or broadband? 5)  If you have broadband, is it cable or DSL? 6)  If you have broadband, who is your provider? Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Test Homes for Technology Pilot 
Email : Critical Migration Information:  1. Your scheduled Outlook Migration Date is THE EVENING OF : 2. You need to press the "Save My Data" button (only once) to send us your pre-migration information. 3. You must be connected to the network before you press the button. 4. If a POP-UP BOX appears, prompting you to "ABORT, CANCEL OR TRUST SIGNER" please  select TRUST SIGNER. 5. Any information you Add to your Personal Address Book, Journal or calendar after you click on the button will need to be manually re-added into Outlook after you have been migrated. 6. Clicking this button does not complete your migration to Outlook. Your migration will be completed  the evening of your migration date. Failure to click on the button will result in your data not being imported to Outlook. If you encounter any errors please contact the resolution center @ 713-853-1411   <Sep> Subject :  3 - URGENT - TO AVOID LOSS OF INFORMATION 
Email : We will be releasing new version of the Stack Manager and the EnronOnline website tonight . The following are the changes  1. Changes to Stack Manager:  1.1 Changes to toolbar icons: To facilitate further development of the system, it has been found necessary to change the toolbar icons at the top of the Stack  Manager. The attached file shows the old icon and its new replacement. Next to each image below is the description of the function that is executed as well as the short cut key that is mapped to the same function:     1.2 New Functionality - Auto Suspend The Auto Suspend function allows traders to set an absolute price change from a price level at which you would like the system to automatically suspend a specific product. This function is useful if your products use automatic price resets. To activate this feature: 1. Select a product and click on Product Properties 2. Check the Enable box 3. Enter the Price Check and Suspend at +/- values 4. Click Update Example: a trader Enables Auto Suspend and selects a $35.00 Price Check and a suspension level of +/- $5.00: The system will suspend the product when the mid price is above  $40.00 or below $30.00  You will need to enter a new Price Check or disable the Auto Suspend function to reactivate this Product if the Auto Suspend is triggered. Please note the system checks for any products that need to be suspended once a minute. 2. Changes to EnronOnline Website  (These changes will be rolled out in phases over the next week and will be available to all customers only by Friday 5/4/01)  The following enhancements have been made to the EnronOnline Website:  2.1 Today's Transactions  Float Window:  In order to float the window, right click on the Today's Transactions section, click on the Float Window option. Sort Ordering: Click on the column heading to change the sort order. Linked Transactions: You can display the linked Transactions in an expanded or collapsed view. To do so, right click in the Transaction display area and select full Expand or Full Collapse. 2.2 Submission Box  The submission box has been modified in order to show a space between each set of "zeros" for the volume the customer wants to sell/buy. Savita   <Sep> Subject :  VERY IMPORTANT ENRONONLINE  STACK MANAGER CHANGES 
Email : Jason,  In case you did'nt get my voice mail @ 2:40 on Monday April 30th, Peoples will continue to sell back 50,000 for gas day May 2nd. Sell back price is Gas Daily minus $.01. Thanks,       Jer   <Sep> Subject :  Sell Back for Gas Day 5-02-01 
Email : Jason,  Cora and Irene told me the Enron delivery to Peoples Gas for gas day May 1st will be cut by 21 MMBtu. Peoples will reduce the SIQ purchase of 125,000 by 21 leaving an SIQ amount of 124,979. Apparently, the reduction is due to confirmation problems on Northern Border. Jer   <Sep> Subject :  May 1st cut for Peoples Gas 
Email : Current Notes User:   To ensure that you experience a successful migration from Notes to Outlook, it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date of migration. Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the following survey. When you finish, simply click on the 'Reply' button then hit 'Send'  Your survey will automatically be sent to the Outlook 2000 Migration Mailbox. Thank you.   <Sep> Subject :  2- SURVEY/INFORMATION EMAIL 
Email : Hello Everyone ! I'll be taking the afternoon off in an attempt to rid myself of the flu symptoms I'm experiencing. Page me @ (312) 682-2988 if you need to contact me. Thanks,        Jer   <Sep> Subject :  My availability 
Email : This one is pretty good! Hope everyone is doing well! This is unbelievable! Read the story first.....then look at the picture. Rodger Degagne a former employee with AECL in Chalk River may be embarking on a new career as Feline breeder. Relaxing in his spacious home on the shores of the Ottawa River, Mr. Degagne recalls how 15 years ago he befriended two stray young cats on the old AECL research facility at Chalk River. The kittens had appeared in late summer and apparently had gotten under a security fence around the old labs abandoned since the late 50s. With the help of his tuna sandwich, Mr. Degagne was able to coax the kitties close enough so that he could pick them up. A self-described animal lover, he did not want to place the kittens in the local Humane Society. In this largely rural area, cats of all stripes and age largely go unwanted and are humanely disposed of after a few days. Later that evening, his wife Louise and their two children, Nicole and Kelly came to a family decision to keep the kittens which they named Lost and Found. Lost turned out to be female and Found a male. When nature finally took its course, a litter of kittens was born six years later. One of the litter was a big white female with a unique black markings on her side and tail. Something about the kitten captured the hearts of the family and while her siblings eventually found homes elsewhere. Snowball stayed with the Degagnes. While Lost and Found are no longer with us, their progeny live on. In her nine years Snowball's size has seemed to snowball. Put simply, Snowball is no ordinary cat; she measures 69 inches from nose to tail and weighs in at 87 lbs. "She started out a big kitty and she just seemed to keep growing. She always meowed for more food, and would climb up on the counter to eat food which I forgot to cover. Chicken is her favorite. Once I left a cooked chicken on the table that I was going to use for a boat picnic; an hour later, the chicken was gone," Louise said. "We knew that Snowball wasn't your average cat when the neighbors' German Shepherd ran yelping away from his first encounter with her. She just isn't afraid of any animals. After we found a half-eaten raccoon out by the garage, we decided that maybe Snowball should be kept fenced in. We soon discovered that while we can keep Snowball in the yard, we couldn't keep raccoons from Snowball. "At least it kept the food bills down," Rodger laughed. "Like all female cats, she is very territorial, but with us she is just a big ol' kitten," he said. So what does an 87-lb. cat eat? "Snowball goes through about three lbs. of cat food a day, along with cooked chicken , supplemented with deer and moose that Rodger hunts in the fall. She likes pike a lot, so I don't throw them back anymore." Snowball often accompanies Rodger fishing on the Ottawa, eagerly peering over the side of the boat as soon as his line goes tight. So to what do the Degagnes attribute Snowball's size? Rodger says, "Well, the vet thinks it could be her thyroid, but she isn't fat; she's just a real big cat. I think maybe her parents got into something at Chalk River that they shouldn't have." - snowball.jpg          *******************Internet Email Confidentiality Footer*******************   Privileged/Confidential Information may be contained in this message. If you are not the addressee indicated in this message (or responsible for delivery of the message to such person), you may not copy or deliver this message to anyone. In such case, you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by reply email. Please advise immediately if you or your employer does not consent to Internet email for messages of this kind. Opinions, conclusions and other information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it.   <Sep> Subject :  Here Kitty, Kitty, Kitty 
Email : OUTLOOK EMAIL NOTIFICATION  Your Date of Migration is: April 18th  YOU WILL BE UNABLE TO SEND E-MAIL unless you take the following action: Please go through your Notes email and clean out as many old/un-needed email items as possible BEFORE your date of migration. After you are migrated to Outlook you will only be allocated 100MB of total Mailbox space. If more than this amount of data is migrated to Outlook YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO SEND E-MAIL until it is below the 100MB limit. Cleaning up your Notes email now will prevent this from happening to YOU. Enron's messaging platform is migrating from Lotus Notes to Microsoft Outlook 2000 worldwide. You will be accessing Outlook for all of your email functions. WHY IS ENRON MIGRATING TO OUTLOOK 2000? Many factors contributed to the decision to migrate from Lotus Notes to Microsoft Exchange/Outlook. The most prominent factors were:  ? Significant advantages to moving to a product that is more integrated with current Enron apps (Windows 2000, Office and Internet Explorer) ? More efficient Shared PC and Roaming User features ? Improved support and integration for Palm/CE devices ? Instant Messaging capabilities  WHAT IS BEING MIGRATED TO OUTLOOK 2000? ? Email Messages. From the date of your scheduled migration, the last (30) thirty days of your Email will be converted for use in Outlook. ? All your folders in Notes you use to store email messages in. ? To Do Items ? Journal Items ? Calendar Entries dating from (1) one year in the past to (10) ten years in the future will be converted. ? Address Books, but NOT your Distribution Lists that you created. You will need to re-create these in Outlook. Thank you,   <Sep> Subject :  1-URGENT - Outlook Email Notification (new) 
Email : Thank you for joining NewPowerTM - a new kind of power company! We are committed to offering you competitive prices on electricity. Your upgrade is almost complete. You will soon be receiving a NewPower Welcome Kit regarding your enrollment. That information will be sent to the mailing address that you supplied when you enrolled via our website. In the next few weeks we will be busy working with your local utility to complete your enrollment. Remember, as part of the sign up process you have the right to cancel NewPower electric service without penalty within three business days of your receipt of the terms and conditions. To contact us with questions or to cancel, please see the information listed below. NewPower delivers many other benefits as well. You'll also receive special ongoing offers on Smart Home Solutions that can help bring technological innovation, security and additional savings to your household. So New Power can help brighten your life in several ways - not just today, but in the months to come. And that can be pretty powerful. In the meantime, you'll find the Terms & Conditions of being a NewPower customer with your Welcome Kit. If you would like to learn more, check out the Questions section at our web site www.newpower.com (America Online Keyword: NewPower) or call us at 1-800-NEWPOWER between 7 am and 9 pm Eastern Time. Once again, thank you for joining NewPower, we look forward to serving you in the future.   <Sep> Subject :  Welcome to NewPower!!! 
Email : With ECS (Enron Center South) rapidly approaching completion, Enron is forced to change the numbering scheme on the existing Stentofon system. To increase our capacity to support this expansion, we must increase the number of valid Stentofon address numbers. Enron currently uses 100, 200, 300, 400, 500, 600 and 900 series numbers for the addresses. In order to add more addresses to the system, Enron will be converting the dial plan from a three digit dialing system to a four digit dialing scheme on the Stentofon system. This conversion is scheduled to occur on the weekend of May 18th. In efforts to minimize confusion, we will convert all Stentofon addresses in EB1 to a 4000 series number. (i.e. If your Stento number was 364, then your new number will be 4364.) We will also change all speed dials to reflect the new dialing scheme. Thank you for your understanding and cooperation. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Forward: Broadcast Message - Trading Floor Stentofons 
Email : Pam Anderson from Intercontinental Exchange will be giving an ICE presentation on Tuesday, May 22 in EB 32C2 at 3:00 pm . Please let me know if you plan on attending. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  ICE Presentation 
Email : We had some problems with Netscape on Saturday. The El Paso scrape was down from 5AM through the end of my night shift. Dave Steiner was notified early in the afternoon and I was told it was a problem in Houston. The problem should be solved by Sunday. Problem it caused:  I was not able to download HA finals from the ISO and finals were not created.   <Sep> Subject :  Problems on Saturday 
Email : REAL TIME TRADERS,  SPS HAS MANAGED TO OVER SCHEDULE BY 100MW PER HOUR ON PEAK HOURS SUNDAY 1/20 AT PV THEIR EDDY/PV SWAP WITH EPE. Steve at EPE has agreed to a leading deal with SPS where SPS/PSCO will supply 100 mw at PV real time to EPE. El Paso already has tags out there showing EPE as the source for SPS sales. SPS/PSCO will supply the energy to El Paso at PV and El Paso should show it going to their system. Steve was supposed to let the dispatchers know all the details. Les   <Sep> Subject :  SUNDAY ON PEAK LEADING DEAL 
Email : Greetings,  Attached please find the OMAR-Online Market Simulation Plan and updated automation specifications. A revision history is included at the beginning of each automation specification, including a description of the changes. The Market Simulation will be conducted from February 11 through 15, 2002. The OMAR-Online application enhances features currently provided through the MDAS-Online application. You may contact me at (916) 351-2330 or at lfeusi@caiso.com should you have any questions. <<OMAR Online Mkt Sim Mkt Part Instructions.doc>>   <<OMAROnlineSubmitAutomationSpecificationv1_1.pdf>>   <Sep> Subject :  Important Market Information regarding the OMAR-Online Market  Simulation 
Email : Group,  There is a new binder for EPE hourly deals for 2002. The deal sheets MUST be kept in this binder. We are currently missing the deal sheet for 12/30/01 to 01/01/02. Please be on the lookout for this sheet or sheets. Those who were on shift for that period will need to coordinate what deals were done and will need to reconstruct a sheet. These sheets are currently a main source of information on EPE for settlements. The deal sheets should be clear, concise, and should have information such as energy type, delivery point, who you spoke with and at what time. I will be sending another email regarding EPE procedure and model updates for 2002. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  EPE Hourly Deals 2002 
Email : Group, Enron is attempting to reconcile the daily activities of each counterparty with us. This includes when each counterparty cut us, and schedules that were moved. To facilitate these efforts please put all cuts and scheduling sheets in the accordion file on the RT overflow desk (where Kate used to sit). Also, stay tuned for new information on EPE. Apparently the information communicated by Tony was not completely correct. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Tracking Cuts 
Email : Craig and Bill:  Please note that for Wednesday 01/02/02, Import ID ENRJ_CISO_8000 is wrong. The On-peak needs to be a 35mw and the off-peak needs to be a 45mw. You will want to change the load zones in SP15 to make us flat in position manager. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Imports for 01/02/02 @ Mead 
Email : To the West Desk et al:  The FERC's west-wide price cap has been raised to at least $108/MWh beginning today through 30 April 02. Please see the order excerpt below. Although market prices are well below both the old and new cap, the new cap will give the markets more breathing room if there is an unexpected cold snap and/or supply disruption. I am happy to report that the one of Enron's advocacy messages made it into the order: any change to the cap must be applied West-wide. PNW parties and Duke were willing to settle with region-specific caps but FERC rejected that concept in favor of a single, West-wide value. Alan Comnes  Relevant Passage:  "Effective on the trading day following the date of this order, through April 30, 2002, we will suspend the methodology used to calculate the current mitigated price and substitute the following West-wide winter season methodology. As a starting point, the mitigated price will be set at $108/MWh. This is the actual mitigated price set using the current methodology during the last reserve deficiency on May 31, 2001, based on a gas index of $6.641/MMBtu, a generating unit with a heat rate of approximately 15,360 Btu/MWh and $6.00 for the O&M adder. The new interim mitigated price will supersede the existing mitigated price (approximately $92/MWh), which was set at eighty-five percent of the originally calculated $108/MWh mitigated price for application during non-reserve deficiency hours. We find this adjustment necessary to set the price for the winter period and to track changes in the gas indices. The winter formula will maintain the current heat rate and O&M adder. The one variable in the formula will be tied to the current average of the mid-point for the monthly bid-week index prices reported for SoCal Gas (large packages), Malin and PG&E city-gate. Under the winter season formula, the mitigated price will be recalculated when the average gas price rises by a minimum factor of 10 percent (e.g., to $7.305/MMBtu) effective for the following trading day. The formula will also track subsequent cumulative changes of at least 10 percent (including reductions of 10 percent, but not less than a floor of $108/Mwh). Effective on May 1, 2002, the summer methodology will be reinstated along with the current mitigated price of approximately $92/Mwh for non-emergency periods."   <Sep> Subject :  Details on the West-wide Price cap: now $108/MWh through April 30,  2002. 
Email : Bill,=20 I had quite a bad conversation with Kirk at LADWP yesterday. Geir supposed= ly purchased only spinning reserves from LA however, when I called to verif= y this Kirk at LA said that Geir bought power from him at $50 on top of the=  reserves. When I called Geir he said he didnt. Therefore I called back K= irk at LA and told him that Geir said he didnt purchase power from him and = that we would just pull the tapes in the morning to solve the dispute. Kir= k then proceeded to go on a three minute tirade about how he "isnt even sup= posed to deal with Enron" and was doing us a big favor because he doesnt wa= nt to deal with us anyway. He completely erupted on me and was absoulutely=  unprofessional  and  cursed at me several times during the entire conversa= tion. I kept trying to calm him down however, he just continued to rant.=    Anyway we will probably need to pull tapes for Giers conversations with = LA. I would imagine from about 16:00 thru my conversation with Kirk at 18:0= 5. Please let the guys know that when dealing with LADWP to be absoulutely=  clear, to state exactly what they are purchasing, be specific when stating=  time zones etc, as it appears that any dispute these guys will just procee= d to completely melt down on us which in the end just causes problems for E= PE. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  LADWP 
Email : Bill:  Just wanted you to know that EPE lost one of the Turbines hour ending 18 @ about 17:30 or so...I tried to buy power from everyone but to almost no avail (exept 50mw @ 53.00 integrated to a 13mw 3/4 past the hour)...Furthermore, I cut IID to a 100mw from a 120mw which integrated to a 115mw (being as I kept the first 100 whole),  For HE 19 I was forced to cut one of a 25mw purchase from PNM @ $32.00 to a 13mw because our imports were over capacity. I also bought back 50mw from IID for HE 20 @ $40.00. Please see the note for more details or the model and ask me with any questions  Bert   <Sep> Subject :  EPE for 12/09/01 
Email : To:  All Enron Employees Transferring to UBS Warburg Energy (or its affiliates)  Under the terms of the various agreements among certain Enron entities and UBS AG, certain Enron data and documents may be provided to UBS. To ensure compliance with those agreements, Enron's document retention policy, as well as directives of various investigative agencies, the attached protocol regarding the process for migration of any information or data to UBS has been developed. Please review the protocol carefully. Then, complete the attached Certification and return it, with attachments, to Linda Guinn at EB 3829a no later than February 11, 2002. Questions about this matter may be directed to Michelle Cash at (713) 853-6401 or Francisco Pinto-Leite at (713) 345-7942 . Protocol Document and Data Copy Instructions     Certification Document     Thank you for your assistance in making the transition to UBS a success.   <Sep> Subject :  Data Migration Protocol 
Email : This message is only relevant for those going to UBS. When exporting your EMAIL messages listed in the instructions or via the Outlook Export utility, attachments WILL NOT BE SAVED! There will be a better solution to exporting your Email messages and all your attachments emailed later today. Thank you,   <Sep> Subject :  >>>>READ! UBS EMAIL MIGRATION<<<< 
Email : Bill,  Everything went smooth last night and this morning with El Paso and the ramps. Due to the migration I am unable to send the EPE model to Kathy (file for Feb. did not pull into the M: drive). I was also unable to get into CAPS (Trading cluster is not reconfigured). I saved the model through my shift and now that I have logged off I am unable to log back on under my name. I updated Geir's login last night (upon his request) and have limited access through his login. Holden is aware of these problems. Craig Dean   <Sep> Subject :  Migration 
Email : Craig -  Our records indicate that you have not taken your pre-employment drug test for UBS. Can you please do so ASAP, or if you have already completed, can you please let me know the date that you went so that we can update our records. Thanks!   <Sep> Subject :  Drug Test for UBS 
Email : HA market HE's 0700-1100 GMM's and TMM's have been re-published. You may now view the GMM's and TMM's for the HA market,  2/5/02, HE's 0700-1100. Sent by Market Operations, inquiries please call the Hour Ahead Desk.   <Sep> Subject :  HA market HE's 0700-1100 GMM's and TMM's re-published 
Email : MARKET NOTICE February 4, 2002  The California Independent System Operator (ISO) is announcing the Aggregated Distributed Generation Pilot Project (ADGPP). The participation of Generating Units in the ISO's markets is currently limited to units with a rated capacity of 1 MW or greater. The ADGPP is intended to demonstrate the feasibility of allowing physically separated small units (less than 1 MW) to be aggregated as a means of reducing barriers to entry into the ISO markets. ADGPP is currently intended to operate as follows:   * Generation units with a rated capacity of less than 1 MW may participate * Generators will be aggregated through an Aggregated Distributed Unit (ADU), which will have an aggregated or total rated capacity greater than or equal to 1 MW but no more than 10 MW * The total capacity for all units participating in this Pilot Project is limited to 50 MWs * ADUs must contain generators that are in the same Demand Zone which are not on opposite sides of constrained transmission elements * Each ADU must be scheduled in the ISO Energy or Supplemental Energy Market * Near real-time operational data will be required from ADU * Prospective participants can propose unique methods and processes for delivering the near real time operational data * Generators will be considered SC Metered Entities, therefore they must have Local Regulatory Authority approved interval metering * Settlement will occur through submitting aggregated Settlement Quality Meter Data (SQMD) by the SC representing the ADU  As noted above, units participating in the ADGPP will be allowed to participate in the ISO Energy and Supplemental Energy Markets only and will not be allowed to participate in the ISO's Ancillary Services markets. The increased participation in the ISO Energy and Supplemental Energy markets will provide greater market depth and will increase competition by expanding the pool of generation available within the ISO Control Area. The ADGPP is intended only to accommodate units less than 1 MW and is not intended to facilitate "portfolio bidding" from Generating Units 1 MW or larger. The ADGPP is also intended to improve the ISO's visibility of generating resources within the ISO Control Area by demonstrating the functionality of various basic-level operational data reporting processes which may be proposed by the prospective participants. These operational data reporting processes should demonstrate the capability of delivering operational data for the ADU to the ISO near real time and be economical from the small Generator perspective. The uniqueness of the operational data reporting processes proposed will be one factor in selection of participants in the program. Thus, the project will also ensure that the participation of these resources in the ISO's markets will occur without compromising system reliability.   <Sep> Subject :  Aggregated Distributed Generation Pilot Project (ADGPP)  Announcement 
Email : We have two positions open for Trading Assistants with UBSW Energy. One will work for Jeff Richter and Chris Mallory on the Cash Trading desk and one will work for me and Mike Swerzbin on the Term Trading desk. In short, the Trading Assistant helps the traders run EOL markets, provides analytical support, prepares daily market summaries, reviews trade press for pertinent information, performs checkouts with brokers and counterparties, assists in pricing new deals. Please send an e-mail to Amy Fitzpatrick by noon on Tuesday expressing your interest. This position is open to both Enron and UBSW employees. Tim Belden   <Sep> Subject :  Assistant Trader Position Open 
Email : Attached for your review are the finalized versions of the ISO Statement Files Specification (v14.0), ISO Charge Matrix (v14.0 ) and overview documents describing the key changes. Draft versions of the same documents were distributed in January for your review and comments. Version 14.0 is created due to changes in two settlement areas: * The existing Market Operations Charge (CT 523) will be replaced by the new Ancillary Services and Real Time Energy Operations Charge (CT 524). * To facilitate automatic processing of Manual Line Item entries by the SCs, ISO will impose more rigorous validations upon these entries when they are created in the ISO Settlement System. The above changes are scheduled to take effect on trade date 1/1/2002. The additional changes in the finalized versions are mostly minor corrections and clarifications. ISO has also added two new Manual Charge Types (CTs 691 and 692) in the Charge Matrix: CT 691 - Emissions Cost Payment; and CT 692 - Start-Up Cost Payment. These Charge Types were created as a result of the FERC's Order (dated   <Sep> Subject :  CAISO Notification - Finalized ISO Charge Matrix and Statement  Files Specification (version 14.0) 
Email : Dear Green Roomers,  Registration for the spring season, which starts in April, is just around the corner, and we need to submit money to GPSD. The cost of the ten-game is $50 per player. Some of you have already paid $25 or so to Jon for the winter season, which unfortunately did not come to pass. If I'm not mistaken, the following people have already paid: Jon Gail, Jon Bloomfield, Bill Williams, Jay Flint, Jake Fox, Rick Rezinas, Scott Gates, Scott H (the keeper) , Tristan Brunin, Frank Ma, and Declan. These people need to pay and additional $25. $50 for everyone else. Please give me an email in the next week or two if you plan on playing, and send checks or money to the address below. Additionally, you are encouraged to recruit solid skill players for the team. Especially at the beginning of the season, more players is better, and fresh blood is always a way to build the team. See you all soon, Adam Van Loon   <Sep> Subject :  Spring Season 
Email : If you're receiving this email its because we're still waiting on a response from you. Please reply to this message ASAP. See below for details. Thanks,  Dan  We are in the process of confirming that all traders are set up correctly and ready to trade when the system goes live. We need to make sure that your Stack Managers are accessing the correct database. In order to do this, we need to know how you access Stack Manager:  1) Through Terminal Server (the one that opens up a desktop within a desktop and it actually appears that you have two Start buttons). or 2) By opening the Stack Manager directly from your "native" desktop (stand alone computer). Please reply to this message with either a corresponding "1" or a "2" in the subject field. If you're not sure which one you have, please contact myself x39673, Teresa Mandola x39807 or Jennifer McQuade x53614 and we'll come by your desk to help you. Thank you,   <Sep> Subject :  Waiting on your reply -Stack Users 
Email : Chris and I would like to take this opportunity to update everyone on what = has been happening on the floor(s) during the last couple of weeks and what=  is likely to transpire in the weeks to come. I'd like to begin by apologi= zing for the lack of broad e-mail communications or floor meetings over the=  last couple of weeks. These have been very hard times and I know that peo= ple have wanted information. It has taken us nearly a week to sort through=  who will be part of the UBS Warburg team and who continue with Enron. =20  In this e-mail I will explain: (1) who will be going to UBS Warburg, (2) wh= o do the people working for Enron work for and what are they expected to do= , (3) how will the physical separation between Enron and UBS Warburg happen= , and (4) when will the sale of Netco to UBS Warburg be completed. In addi= tion to Chris Calger and me, the following Portland-based employees have ac= cepted positions with UBS Warburg:  Last Name=09First Name=09Last Name=09First Name=09 Amador=09Susan=09Oh=09John=09 Anderson=09John=09Platter=09M=09 Bulbes=09Victor=09Postlethwaite=09John=09 Chang=09Fang-Tzu=09Richter=09Jeffrey=09 Chatterton=09Jill=09Robinson=09Donald=09 Crandall=09Sean=09Salisbury=09Holden=09 Cutsforth=09Diane=09Scholtes=09Diana=09 Dasovich=09Jeff=09Semperger=09Cara=09 Davidson=09Debra=09Sheidun=09Donna=09 Dean=09Craig=09Shields=09Jeffrey=09 Dunton=09Heather=09Slinger=09Ryan=09 Etringer=09Michael=09Solberg=09Geir=09 Gilbert=09Michael "Scotty"=09Steiner=09David=09 Gustafson=09Mollie=09Stokley=09Marlin "Chris"=09 Hall=09Stephen=09Swain=09Stephen=09 Heizenrader=09Timothy=09Swerzbin=09Michael=09 Kandaswamy=09Balachandar=09Thomas=09Jacob=09 Lackey=09Christopher=09Thome=09Stephen=09 Lee=09Eugene=09Van Houten=09Maria=09 Mallory=09Patrick "Chris"=09Villeggiante=09Theresa=09 McDonald=09Michael=09Wente=09Laura=09 Meyer=09James=09Williams=09William J=09 Meyers=09Albert=09Woodland=09Andrea=09 Mier=09Michael=09Yoder=09Christian=09 Nelson=09Kourtney=09=09=09  While there are a few people who are still making up their minds, the rest = of the people in our office will be working for the Enron estate. It is no= t entirely clear to me right now what the management team for west power lo= oks like for the Enron estate now. As I understand it, there are two prima= ry initiatives on the estate side that people in Portland may be a part of.=   The first is the disposition of our development projects that are already=  well under way. Dave Parquet in San Francisco has been leading this effor= t together with the Portland asset development team. This effort has been = ongoing since December. The second is the disposition of our west power co= mmodity positions. Jim Fallon is in charge of this for the entire company.=   People working on this for Jim include Don Miller, Paul Racicot, Brad Ric= hter, Ed Baughman among others. I have placed a call to Jim and to Paul to=  get advice on how people in Portland should proceed. I would recommend ta= lking to Ed, Brad, Paul, or Don to get direction. I have placed a call to = several of these people to get direction and am waiting for a response. I = am hopeful that they will designate a lead person in Portland to coordinate=  the power procurement and delivery efforts. As most of you know, the physical separation between UBS Warburg and Enron = has already begun. People who will continue to work for Enron will be loca= ted on the 4th Floor, while UBS Warburg will occoupy the 3rd Floor. We hop= e to make the moves to the 4th Floor by the end of this week. Moves within=  the 3rd Floor will take place the following week. The UBS Warburg transaction is subject to one last pro forma regulatory hur= dle. While I don't have an exact date, I am told that it will likely be on=  or about February 6th. Finally, I want to once again thank everyone for their help and cooperation=  over the last few weeks. These have been really horrible times as the Enr= on story continues to unfold in the news at the same time that people are f= inding out about their future with Enron and UBS. I know that this hasn't = been easy for anyone. I am deeply saddened overseeing the breakup of the a= wesome team that we have put together. Whether you are going to UBS, remai= ning with Enron, or leaving the company, I wish everyone who worked on this=  team the best in their future endeavors. It has been a distinct honor to = work with each and every one of you. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Office Update 
Email : Records indicate that there are a significant number of employees who have yet to have a drug test. Here are the details of the locations in Houston, Portland and other locations. Please attend one as soon as possible to avoid delays in your your onboarding and payroll processing. HR   <Sep> Subject :  Urgent - Drugs Test Reminder 
Email : Bill,  As per our conversation today, I am sending you an outline of what we intend to be doing in Ercot and in particular on the real-time desk. For 2002 Ercot is split into 4 zones with TCRs between 3 of the zones. The zones are fairly diverse from a supply/demand perspective. Ercot has an average load of 38,000 MW, a peak of 57,000 MW with a breakdown of 30% industrial, 30% commercial and 40% residential. There are already several successful aggregators that are looking to pass on their wholesale risk to a credit-worthy QSE (Qualified Scheduling Entity). Our expectation is that we will be a fully qualified QSE by mid-March with the APX covering us up to that point. Our initial on-line products will include a bal day and next day financial product. (There is no day ahead settlement in this market). There are more than 10 industrial loads with greater than 150 MW concentrated at single meters offering good opportunities for real-time optimization. Our intent is to secure one of these within the next 2 months. I have included some price history to show the hourly volatility and a business plan to show the scope of the opportunity. In addition, we have very solid analytics that use power flow simulations to map out expected outcomes in the real-time market. The initial job opportunity will involve an analysis of the real-time market as it stands today with a view to trading around our information. This will also drive which specific assets we approach to manage. As we are loosely combining our Texas gas and Ercot power desks our information flow will be superior and I believe we will have all the tools needed for a successful real-time operation. Let me know if you have any further questions. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  ERCOT opportunities 
Email : After the Day ahead market ran, the Mirage branch group TTC in both directions was changed from 70 MW to 0 MW for HE's 0700 through 2400 for operating day 1/30/02. The reason(s) for the change is:  transfer trip forced out of service to Devers-Capwind. The first applicable Hour Ahead market to run with these values is HE 1200. The ISO will update you of any changes in line rating status. Sent by Market Operations, inquiries please call the Hour Ahead Desk. The system conditions described in this communication are dynamic and subject to change. While the ISO has attempted to reflect the most current, accurate information available in preparing this notice, system conditions may change suddenly with little or no notice.   <Sep> Subject :  Mirage de-rate 
Email : Bill:  Please note the following due to the past two days schedules have been wrong in the EPE Schedules in Excel:  Tag number 6181 has been cancelled (50mw to the CISO). Lending is wrong in the EPE schedules (it is 75mw from PSCO instead of 50mw). SPS is wrong for HE 08 (it is 130mw instead of 100mw). I thought you might like to since this is the only income we have currently for real-time and a major screw-up could hurt our relationship. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  EPE Schedules for the past two days 
Email : When importing DA finals I received a "Can't find Netscape Navigator" error. Therefore, there were no DA or HA finals created for 1/27 or the 1/28. Dave Steiner was notified...  JohnAnderson   <Sep> Subject :  Problems on Saturday/Sunday 
Email : I just heard from Chris Lue, UBS HR, regarding the UBS New Hire paperwork. All New Hire paperwork must be completed before 3:00 PM TODAY, Friday, 1/25/02 or UBS will be unable to process your payroll. These forms were distributed during the HR Benefit meetings held yesterday. If you were unable to attend these meetings and are unsure about what forms need to be completed, please see either Grace or I ASAP. Thanks!   <Sep> Subject :  UBS Paperwork - ACTION REQ'D 
Email : Hey Jason! Just wanted to say "hi" today. Hope you can come up some other time this summer. I left you a message on your voice mail. I'm sending you some photos of Mikayl and the  Mother's Day flower arrangement. I'm hoping Grandma and Grandpa will be able to come to Dad's retirement luncheon. Dad's secretary asked for gift ideas and Dad wants no gifts so I told her the office could chip in for a Harley for him. That went over like a lead balloon. Sandy Fleet is coming next week for 8 days. We are going to have such a blast! Dad is grateful that he doesn't have to attend my 30th class reunion. Sandy and I will go . We're shopping in Galena on Sat. Did I tell you that we put a wood floor in the dining room? It looks beautiful! Next, we are planning to add a bottom layer to the deck in the form of a stone "floor". Dad may work on it when we're in Savanna but I suspect if the weather is nice, he will be riding his motorcycle. Now if I can emphasize the importance   of a helmet to a safety expert. (There's a little sarcasm in that footnote.) Sorry. Have you been shopping for furniture yet? Gotta go---my typing is getting atrocious! My typing teacher always liked   <Sep> Subject :  Whazzup! 
Email : Expand your business! Make it easy for your customers to pay using Visa, Master Card, Discover, American Express, Debit Card and Checks via Phone/Fax/Internet. How? Through a business Merchant Account! By providing multiple methods of acceptable payment you automatically help ensure that it will be easier for them to pay you and build up trust. People DON'T want to send cash or checks via mail, because it is dangerous and gives them absolutely no guarantees whatsoever. So make it easier for your customers and setup a Merchant Account for your business. There are NO setup fees, and the monthly costs are very low. To obtain more information, please reply to this email with your name, phone number with area code, and a good time to call. You will be contacted within 10 business days by one of our staff. Thank you for your time.   <Sep> Subject :  Expand Your Business                                                    [10bhnn] 
Email : Have tax problems? Do you owe the IRS money? If your debt is $10,000 US or more, we can help! Our licensed agents can help you with both past and present tax debt. We have direct contacts with the IRS, so once your application is processed we can help you immediately without further delay. Also, as our client we can offer you other services and help with other problems such as:  - Tax Preparation - Audits - Seizures - Bank Levies - Asset Protection - Audit Reconsideration - Trust Fund Penalty Defense - Penalty Appeals - Penalty Abatement - Wage Garnishments .. and more! To receive FREE information on tax help, please fill out the form below and return it to us. There are no obligations, and supplied information is kept strictly confidential. Please note that this offer only applies to US citizens. Application processing may take up to 10 business days. **********  Full Name: State: Phone Number: Time to Call: Estimated Tax Debt Size:  **********  Thank you for your time.   <Sep> Subject :  Have tax problems?                                                    [qobab] 
Email : Hey all,   TSOD went live today with a new look. I needed to simplify. I thought I would share. I hope you like it. www.thestudyofdesign.com    Beth   <Sep> Subject :  The Study of Design - new look 
Email : Dear Jason Wolfe,  It has been a while since we spoke about your driving needs. Our inventory has changed since then and I realize your needs may have changed as well. We can still have the vehicle you originally were interested in within 24 hours and we also have some that are similar with similar equipment, only less expensive. Toyota has special financing rates available on Corollas, Tundras, 4Runners and 2001 Siennas. We have great deals on 2002 Camrys. If youd like to revisit our inventory, please click here www.smccalltoyota.com  I look forward to hearing from you soon. Sincerely,   <Sep> Subject :  Internet Sale 
Email : A man walks out of a bar, stumbling back and forth with a key in his hand. A cop on the beat sees him and approaches. "Can I help you sir?" "Yesssh!Ssssshomebody ssshtole my car!" the man replies. The cop asks, "Where was the car the last time you saw it?" "It wassssat the end of thissshkey!" the man replies.About that time the Officer looks down to see that the man's weineris hanging out of his fly for all theworld to see. He asks the man, "Sir, are you aware that you are exposing yourself?" Momentarily confused, the drunk looks down woefully at his crotch, and, without missing a beat, blurtsout "SON-OF-A-BITCH... THEY GOT MY GIRLFRIEND, TOO!"   <Sep> Subject :  pretty funny... 
Email : Your packages for the Enron Center Garage are ready for pick-up at EB305, please make sure that you bring your current parking card with you at the time of pick-up, we will exchange your access card for a transponder. ( We will fax a memo to the Garage, so that you will be able to get out of the garage at the end of the day). Thank you,   <Sep> Subject :  Enron Center Garage 
Email : Jason,  Attached is the list of points with location information. Also, in response to your other questions, Florida River is BP's gas processing plant in La Plata County, CO.  Elmore is a power generation plant (Idaho Power) and Southend balancing is a logical point for NWP use. Let me know if you need additional information. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  NWP Points Information 
Email : The original plan was to try and meet this week but the response has been light. From the few that did respond (which I thank for the feedback) the consensus was to try and meet on Thursday but no location was picked. I will unfortunately be out of town this Thursday and Friday on business. If you guys still want to get together use the Reply to All and set up a time and place. It has been a long time since most of us have tossed back a few brewskies together so don't let my absents stop you (as if it really would). I think my ego can take it, may be not my id but my ego can. Bruce  P.S. I had asked Rex to send out a notice but I did not receive a copy so I don't know if he had done so. If you did Rex thanks, if you didn't....we need to talk about your memory loss.   <Sep> Subject :  B-Team postponed? 
Email : As a follow-up to the Enron Net Works All Employee meeting on October 5, we are pleased to announce a number of organizational changes. Beth Perlman, currently CIO for EA Systems, will work closely with Mark Pickering on a number of key projects for Enron Net Works. Additionally, Beth plans to explore various commercial opportunities within Enron. Replacing Beth in her current role will be Steve Hotte, currently CIO for EGS. Anthony Dayao will continue as CIO for EES Systems. In addition to his current responsibilities, Anthony will assume responsibility for creating a combined Wholesale/Retail Power Trading and Risk Management system. Jeff Johnson will move into the new role of CIO for EGM/EIM Systems. John Paskin will transfer to the Houston office from London to take up the new role of CIO for Corporate Systems. His group will include the ISC, Enterprise Portal, Intranet Solutions, CRM strategy, Treasury Systems, Development Support and will matrix into HR IT Systems. Continuing in their current positions are Inja Chun, CIO for EBS Systems; Paul Freeman, CIO for Enron Europe; Jay Webb, CIO for eCommerce, which now includes Commodity Logic Systems; and Jenny Rub, CIO for Infrastructure. All of the above positions report into to Mark Pickering in the Office of the Chairman for Enron Net Works. Transitions into their new positions will begin within the next two weeks and should be complete by the end of the year. We are currently interviewing individuals to serve as CIO for EGS, as well as an individual to serve as head of our Enterprise Framework group. We will keep you posted on the progress of these searches. Please join us in congratulating all of these individuals on their new responsibilities.   <Sep> Subject :  Organizational Announcement 
Email : Dear Mr. Wolfe, Thank you for supporting Houston Grand Opera and purchasing tickets to Tannh?user. You may wish to keep this email or a printout of it as a receipt. BuyerID: 510265 Confirm Date: 10/21/2001 Confirm Time: 06:58:50pm Total: $81.50  ***** Ticket Information ***** Opera: Tannh?user   <Sep> Subject :  Houston Grand Opera - Online Purchase Receipt 
Email : Hey Jason,  What have you been up to? We haven't heard from you in quite awhile. I took some pictures of Mikayl on his birthday, so I'll have Dad scan them for me. One of the babysitter's kids has strep throat so we hope Mikayl doesn't get it. He has a cold now. Jill stopped by here on her way to the sitter's so I saw Mikayl for a minute. He was his cheerful self depite the cold. Wesclin started their football program this year, they're having a parade and bonfire for homecoming for the first time. We may go to town to watch the parade. Better go and feed your fat feline sister and the tiny one. Love, Mom   <Sep> Subject :  hi Jason 
Email : Hi Jason,  Tried to call you, but could't get through at 503.464.8637. Is that the right number? Here's some suggestions on how to access the data you want: POINTS LIST:  My point list is pretty out of date. If you have access to NW Passage, you can get to a current list by logging in, go to "EBB", then "Point Capacity", then hit refresh. If you want to look at the capacity of a specific point, highlight the point and hit "Point Capacity". SCHEDULED POINT VOLUMES:  You can look at scheduled volumes at all points, including the "zones" that we were talking about, via the scheduling screen. You must be logged into NW Passage. Go to the "Noms" Section, then the "Scheduling" window. Click on the "Meter" radio button at the upper left and fill in the desired date or date range. Hit "Refresh" and the point volumes should pop up and look similar to the view scheduling screen. You have the option to save this information into a spreadsheet as well as look at volumes for a range of dates. This should give you the same data as the unutilized capacity report with the addition of the other "zone" and throughput volumes. It looks like a pretty comprehensive list of active points as well. The scheduling screen is pretty powerful and has a lot of other features as well... you might play around with it or call me to find out what else it can do. Please call me if you have any questions. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Northwest Pipeline Scheduled Volumes and Point Catalog 
Email : Please see the attached chart outlining our Confirmation process. This is the same process that Barry Tycholiz implemented for Origination. I think it is a great way to verify our booking process. Please use the trading books that Anne Bike passed out yesterday. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Trading Confirmation Process 
Email : Jason,   Maybe this will clear things up a little:  The monthly data (files ending w/ US) contain monthly data submitted by those respondents required to file monthly survey responses, and ESTIMATES for those other respondents required only to submit one annual survey response. The data for those files, therefore, also include - for each State - a record for utility ID = "99999" and plant code = "9999" containing data values which represent the arithmetic differences between the "estimated" State totals and the sum of the net generation, consumption, and ending stocks data reported by the respondents to the Form EIA-759. The 2001 file will be a "year-to-date" file and is in this Monthly format until the data for the final month is finalized. The other files (Annual Data, files ending w/ YR) contain monthly data submitted by those respondents required to file monthly survey responses, and annual data for those other respondents required to only submit one annual survey response. No estimation procedures are involved. This only applies to the 759 (Utility) forms. If you notice, there are only YR files for F759 forms. Also, keep in mind that for the 900 Forms before year 2001, the values are in Kwh and not Mwh. To convert Kwh to MW, divide by 24 hours, 31 days, and 1000...not that you care about generation anyways, but just in case...  Got it? Hope this helps. If you need anything else, call this baller up here. Have fun in Portland, J   <Sep> Subject :  F759 and 900 data 
Email : Dear Citibank Bill Manager customer,  As of October 24, the Subscriber Agreement that you entered into when you enrolled in Citibank Bill Manager is being assigned by PAYTRU$T, Inc. to Citibank (South Dakota), N.A. Paytrust will continue to administer the service on behalf of Citibank. This administrative change requires no action on your part and is being made to enable Citibank to service all of your accounts with the same team of representatives, including your Citibank Bill Manager account and Citi(R) Card. Your membership is important to us and we are confident that this change will result in better and more consistent service for you. An additional change to the Subscriber Agreement provides that either you or we can require that any controversy or dispute be resolved by binding arbitration. Arbitration replaces the right to go to court, including the right to a jury and the right to participate in a class action or similar proceeding.   <Sep> Subject :  Change to Subscriber Agreement 
Email : Thank you for your recent order. W02068800000  Currently the product(s) listed below are on backorder. We will ship the product within two weeks. This is a summary of your backorder:         QTY    ITEM                      DESCRIPTION                                 $    AMOUNT       ****************************************************************************************         1   01-85318K 01         COMING SOON Galactic                                         59.95                                   Battlegrounds Game and Guide   You may check the status of your order by visiting the order site. To view the status of your order: - Enter your last name and password - Click the "Order Status" button at the bottom of the page - Click on your order number - At the order details page you will see the status by line item  If you have any questions regarding your order, please send an e-mail to fulfillmentctr@west.zomax.com  Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Backorder Status 
Email : Though many of you already know, today is my last day here at Enron. I am leaving to pursue my culinary interests full time and have accepted a baking/pastry apprenticeship with the Deer Valley Resort in Park City, Utah for the winter season. I am happy to have spent the past 3 years working with such a fun and intelligent group of people. I sincerely wish all of you the best in your future endeavors. Please don't hesitate to look me up if you are in the Park City area, vacation planning, or considering some radical career change like this...ha. It would be great to see old friends up there. Forwarding info is below:   <Sep> Subject :  Park City Bound 
Email : Dear Jason Wolfe,  The electronic funds transfer from your bank account to your PayPal account for the amount of $44.00 has been completed. The funds are now reflected in your PayPal account balance. Thank you for using PayPal,   <Sep> Subject :  Bank Account Transfer Complete 
Email : We are in need of the following information:   Emergency Contact Name: Emergency Contact Phone:  Please update this information by going through eHRonline or email me with the information. Your cooperation is appreciated ! Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Important Information Needed!!!!!!!!! 
Email : Dear Jason Wolfe,  The electronic funds transfer from your bank account to your PayPal account for the amount of $66.85 has been completed. The funds are now reflected in your PayPal account balance. Thank you for using PayPal,   <Sep> Subject :  Bank Account Transfer Complete 
Email : I have gotten a decent response on a B Team get together with the exception of Rex, who did not respond. (talk to me big boy)....the dates suggested for your approval are either October 25 or 26th to meet. Location and time will be forthcoming and as usual any suggestions are always appreciated.   <Sep> Subject :  B Team Update 
Email : The test that we are scheduling for tomorrow Tuesday May 22, 2001 is against Sybase Stage. This test is intended to give us a reference for performance metrics comparisons between the current Sybase system and the new  MS SQL system. If you have more questions feel free to ask. Georgia Ward ENW - Development Support - QA (713)853-9974   <Sep> Subject :  Performance Testing Clarification 
Email : Alright, which one of you sent the "Just a Tip" thing? I haven't opened it yet. Is it ok to open at work? I'm serious. This is a small place, and I just started, and they're pretty straight laced around here. If I open something bad and get fired I wouldn't be too happy.   <Sep> Subject :  tip 
Email : Thank you for your order. We appreciate your business. Your order number is: W02068800000; please make note of it. If you have further inquiries regarding your order, you will need to reference this order number. We offer you three easy ways to check the status of your order:   <Sep> Subject :  LucasArts Company Store Order 
Email : Please use the following address to contact us. Cathy:     cathywolfe@ezeeweb.com and Larry:     larrywolfe@ezeeweb.com  Please change your addressbooks, we'd hate to miss an email from you. Larry & Cathy   <Sep> Subject :  New Email address for us 
Email : Dear Carpoint Customer,  Thank you for using MSN Carpoint. We look forward to assisting you with your purchase. This e-mail is to confirm receipt of your recent Carpoint Purchase or Test Drive Inquiry for a 2002 Ford Thunderbird. Your Inquiry number is 1539983. Within the next 24 hours (may exclude weekends) you can expect a contact from the following dealership:  Central Ford 4410 Westheimer Road Houston, TX 77027    To help ensure that your buying experience is a pleasant one, in two days (excluding weekends) we will be sending you an email to verify that Brooks Chevrolet has attempted to contact you. Please respond by using the link that will be provided in the email. If you have any questions about your purchase or test drive inquiry, don't hesitate to contact the dealer at the above phone number or email address. Thanks again for using MSN Carpoint.   <Sep> Subject :  Carpoint Inquiry: 1539983 
Email : I realize that the timing of the Enron Net Works All Employee Meeting last Friday made it difficult for the Gas Logistics Team to attend. For future all-employee events within ENW, we will try to schedule times that work best for all employees. I didn't want you to be left out in this case, so I have worked with Bob Superty to set up another meeting for the Logistics team so that we can share with you the information that was covered last Friday. I hope that you will be able to join me for this second meeting. We have two videos that were made for the all-employee meeting that I think you will enjoy seeing. We will also review the slides that were used in the discussions and have time for questions and answers. ENW All-Logistics Meeting    Friday, October 12    2:00 to 3:00 PM    ECN 5 C-2   <Sep> Subject :  October 12 ENW Meeting 
Email : We will meet for thirty minutes before our 3:30 fundies meeting. 1. EOL market making - Lavo has asked us to increase basis liquidity. Janie has mentioned general theme of market, "why trade on EOL 5000/d and risk moving the market". We are becoming market framers. I think Frank Ermis is a pioneer. 2. Deal confirmations - Anne Bike misbooked a deal for me from March, cost $3.5 million. How do we deal with this issue of confirmations missing deals. 3. Vacation and work hours - Discuss vacation schedules for the rest of the year. We need to do a good job of coordinating when we are out. Mike   <Sep> Subject :  Meeting today at 3:00 
Email : Jason Wolfe,                         At this time we are taking deposits on the all new 2002 Thunderbirds. I have several incoming in the next few weeks. Also I have  a sold unit on the premises right now, if you want to stop by and take a look it will be here a for a couple of more hours. If you have any further questions or would like to set up a time to come in, please feel free to give me a call at 713-960-9800 or email me back. Looking forward to hearing from you and Central Ford thanks you for the chance to earn your business. Christopher Hayes Internet Manager   <Sep> Subject :  Taking deposits 
Email : All,  I would be grateful if you could please confrim your rotation data by return (this is to ensure or HR systems reflect your current rotation). Pls confirm by end of day today. Current Rotation: Supervisor Name:   Thanks, Karen.   <Sep> Subject :  Current Rotation info 
Email : All,  This email is directed to my peeps at Enform who may be interested in a night at the Alley, to see the "international comedy sensation" -  "Art!!!" (exclamation points added by me for necessary emphasis)  Corporate design tyrants like Beth, who just need to relax - it's the perfect thing! Tyrants-up-and-coming and current princess-wanna-be's: Ashley, it's meets your faux-high-society sensibilities to a T! Posing celebrity-satellites: Matt - it beats hanging out at the Starbucks, but requires pants! Invite your friends and foes alike! Oct 12 tickets are still available, section A, for about $45 a piece. Get back at me, playas, they're going fast. Drinks and the theatre, how do you beat that? Whoooooo! Jason   <Sep> Subject :  a little get together...at the theatre 
Email : FINAL DAY TO REGISTER - RICE MBA INFO SESSION  PLEASE RSVP BY 12:00 NOON NOVEMBER 2, 2001  THANKS! Come learn about the Jones Graduate School of Management at Rice University! This is your opportunity to meet to meet with individuals from the Jones Office of Admissions, as well as with current students and alumni.   <Sep> Subject :  RICE MBA INFO SESSION - REMINDER:   FINAL DAY- RSVP! 
Email : As you know, we have a new book runner for the west. I have asked Kam Keiser to go ahead and set up two new books for you guys. Matt's book will be IM WC Socal, and Jason's will be IM WC Nocal. These books will be ready for when we move into the new building. I will transfer any positions that I have to you guys at gas daily mid. You will make the markets for your own books. We will address having you guys take the gas dailies in the near future. Congratulations! Mike   <Sep> Subject :  new books 
Email : This E-Mail is directed toward current users of Adhoc VaR (Value-at-Risk) within the RisktRAC application. The purpose of this E-Mail is to notify users that the Adhoc VaR function within RisktRAC will be discontinued shortly and replaced with the Adhoc VaR function on the RAC website. This is part of the continued migration from RisktRAC to the web-based version. Adhoc VaR will cease to function within RisktRAC on June 30. You may begin using Adhoc VaR immediately on the website and becoming familiar with it if you are not already doing so. A PowerPoint is attached which demonstrates how to access the RAC website and how to use Adhoc VaR within the website. Some users may be set up for RisktRAC but not for the RAC website. If you are a current user of RisktRAC and are unable to access the RAC website, please contact me with the following information:   1)  Your name  2)  Your network login name  (but not your password)  3)  The commodities you have responsibility for    Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Adhoc VaR in RisktRAC and on RAC Website 
Email : Your new cash books are being set up ASAP. They tell me they will be ready no later than tomorrow. Once those are set-up, Stephanie Sever will email you your new EOL id's. Kam   <Sep> Subject :  new books 
Email : Jason,  Your ENA-IM-WC-NOCAL Book has been set up for US financial and physical Gas, your financial gas trades will flip to ENA-FT-WC-NOCAL. User ID: ADM23542 Password:  WELCOME! Please feel free to call me with any questions,   <Sep> Subject :  EnronOnline Book ID 
Email : All,  We are scheduling Interviews for new candidates to the Trading Track, next Wedesday 30th May. I am looking for volunteers to particpate in this event. Agenda:  Tuesday: 29th:  Dinner with five external candidates Tuesday night. Wednesday 30th:  11.00 - 12.30  Office tour - Trading Floor/Gas Control Room - five external candidates  12.30 - 1.30   Lunch with all 15 candidates (comination of internal and external). I need 3 of you to attend dinner on the 29th, 2 of your to faciliate the office tour and give insight to the operations and would like for all of you to attend the lunch. Pls advise on both at your earliest conveneince. Rgds, Karen.   <Sep> Subject :  Trading Track Interviews 
Email : Jay, Is this the company that wants to buy Enron?? Description: Dynergy, Inc Illinova is the holding company for Illinois Power and Illinova Generating. Illinois Power contributes more than 70% of Illinovas sales -- generating   <Sep> Subject :  Still at work?? 
Email : Hello fellows! I realize this is late notice, but I figure you guys don't have very thrilling lives, so I thought I'd give it a shot. Tara and I will be in H-town this coming weekend for a friend's wedding. I'm in the wedding party, so I won't have much free time, but I just realized that we get in Thursday night at 7:30, so that leaves a window of opportunity for drinks or a late dinner or something that night. Our flight gets in to Intercontinental at 7:30 and we have a car rented, so I figure we could be ready for action by 8:30. Let me know what you all think. Am I forgetting anybody that I like who's left in Houston? If so, invite them. Significant others are encouraged to join. Actually, in every case here, they are more welcome than you, I just don't have their e-mails. (Clay, this doesn't apply to you. You are the focal point of my visit. Oh, and by the way, thanks for letting us stay with you while we're there.) But seriously all, Tara and I would love to get together with everybody. Hope it works out. Eric   <Sep> Subject :  Wanger time. 
Email : I checked on the status of this today... Mine shipped on the 9th of November... However, its not trackable... I'm thinking it might have made it to my house today? That, or its lost. Did you get yours yet? T   <Sep> Subject :  Battleground Galactica 
Email : hey everyone, just so you know, as of friday this week i am moving from the job here at exxonmobil to another contract here in town. they tell me this is a good thing. so, you can email me at: clayguinn@yahoo.com  and call me at: cell, 7135048365 home, 7136623789  and, for the record, i will be out of the country next week, in sunny trinidad and tobago...   yep, i've got a tough life. be careful out there everybody! clay   <Sep> Subject :  ins and outs 
Email : Wednesday, November 14, 06:54:24 AM PT  Hey supersonic_baby_jesus,  The following trade has been proposed to you in Grid Iron Twinkies (32104):  BostonSquash: Ulbrich, Jeff   For  ESL Murder Dawgggs: Boston, David   The following message has been sent along with the trade proposal: Here is the trade, I would also take Thrash. And I also have David Terrel who has 50 tackles. You should go to your team page to view this trade and take action on it.   <Sep> Subject :  Fantasy Football 
Email : November 14, 2001  On November 11, a fire destroyed the Gerber Compressor Station building on the Redwood Path, and that unit was taken out of service. Pipeline capacity on Redwood Path is reduced to 1,776 MMcf pending station repairs. California Gas Transmission estimates this capacity reduction will last approximately six months.   <Sep> Subject :  PG&E System FYI 
Email : When: Monday, May 21, 2001 12:00 PM-2:00 PM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada). *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*  Below you will find a schedule for performance testing that is scheduled for Monday May 21, 2001 from 12:00 - 2:00. IT floor support will show up about 20 minutes prior to your groups start time. Please read and if you have any questions contact me. Thanks-   <Sep> Subject :  Unify Gas Performance Test 
Email : Seems to be a consensus among those of you I heard from that Jaliscience is the place to be tonight. If there are people who think this idea sucks, I am more than willing to alter plans. But, as of now, we'll meet up at Jaliscience about 9:00. I'll call Clay when I get into town, so he can be the go to guy for questions, etc. You're welcome Clay. See you tonight.   <Sep> Subject :  Jolly Science anyone? 
Email : Hi Jason, When you have a chance, would you please email me a list of issues that you have with the Flexible Deal View. I will get the lists to Bill Fortney and ask him if there's anything he or we can do to fix it. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Flexible Deal Viewer 
Email : Dearest Trav,  Saturday night was really special. I've never had a five-way before, and it was surprisingly comfortable. Thanks for setting up that TV for me to watch next to where the real action was going on. Most guys wouldn't have done that for me. You're a wonderful guy, and I'll be sure to invite you to all my upcoming multipartner fests. Still sore,  Matt  PS. Please pass on my thanks and accolades to you're gorgeous bikini-clad girlie and that hot dog.   <Sep> Subject :  Trav's Gulliver 
Email : We will hold off transferring any physical positions desk to desk until the end of bidweek. After NX1, we will transfer positions at a daily EOL Index mid price. Please monitor my book and others to make certain DEC deals are not being transferred prior to NX1 at an IF monthly or GD daily mid price. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  DEC physical 
Email : November 21, 2001  Due to the unplanned outage of the Gerber Compressor Station, California Gas Transmission's maximum system inventory limit is capped at 4,500 MMcf. Because the outage was a force majeure event, this upper limit will be in place immediately. The outage is expected to last approximately six months. Today's maximum system inventory limit is already 4,500 MMcf because total system demand is low. If total system demand increases above 2,800 MMcf, the maximum system inventory limit would normally be raised to 4,600 MMcf. Instead, it will remain at 4,500 until Gerber can be brought back online.   <Sep> Subject :  Gerber Update 
Email : Dear Friend,   We at Hot Deals value  you as one of our opt-in subscribers. We hope you enjoy and benefit from our efforts to send you the best offers available on the internet. Recently we have received a number  of request from both customers and advertisers?asking that we make adult oriented materials available through our newsletters and offers. After reviewing your request, we have decided to develop very strict  guidelines which will make adult material available to you. This decision  was not taken lightly, as our membership represents a broad diversity of  people throughout the world. We WILL NOT make this material available to anyone who does not specifically request it. To make sure of this we  have implemented a three step process:      1. If you are interested in receiving Adult offers,  click the link below. If not, disregard this email  as you will not receive any content           containing adult materials  from SaveRealBig. 2. After clicking the link below you will be asked  to enter your email          address in the form provided,  after doing so click "Submit". You will          receive an email from us confirming  that you wish to receive adult           content from us. 3. Reply to this email and you will become part of  our           "Adult Membership Club". We appreciate your membership  and wish to thank you for your efforts in helping us to better know and serve your personal interest!Click Here  Thank You.   <Sep> Subject :  Don't pass this up XXX. 
Email : Please mark your calendars for the first annual ENW All-Employee Meeting at Jillian's on Thursday, July 19th. Jillian's is located on I-10 West, just outside the 610 Loop. This gathering is intended for all ENW Houston-based, full-time and part-time employees. The festivities will begin at 3:00 p.m. and we are considering providing shuttle transportation from and to the Enron Building for those of you needing transportation. We look forward to seeing you there and sharing great food, drink, and fabulous entertainment! We will provide additional details when they are finalized. Philippe and Greg   <Sep> Subject :  All Employee Meeting at Jillian's - SAVE THE DATE! 
Email : Dear Jason,  Thank you for ordering from Banana Republic Online. Your order number is 5639809 which you should hold on to in case you have any questions regarding your order. Here is a summary of your order: ORDER #: 5639809   RECEIVED AT: 2001-05-26 11:50:00  As soon as we've shipped your order (pending credit authorization), we will send you another e-mail confirming shipment. Any tracking information will be included at that time. If you have any questions, please call us at 1.888.906.2800 anytime or e-mail us at custserv@bananarepublic.com. Sincerely,   <Sep> Subject :  Order Confirmation from Banana Republic Online 
Email : Do you owe money? Is it getting troublesome keeping track of all those bills and whom you owe how much and when? Would it not be easier if you could just make 1 monthly payment instead of several? We can help! If your debts are $4,000 US or more and you are a United States citizen, you can consolidate your debt into just one easy payment! You do not have to own a home, nor do you need to take out a loan. Credit checks are not required! To receive more information regarding our services, please fill out the form below and return it to us, or provide the necessary information in your response. There are absolutely no obligations. All the fields below are required for your application to be processed. **********  Full Name : Address : City : State : Zip Code : Home Phone : Work Phone : Best Time to Call :   <Sep> Subject :  Do you owe money?                                                    [7v7ue] 
Email : Chris Walker will be walking down that isle soon. We will be hosting a wedding shower for the happy couple on June 19th, 2001 @ 3:30pm in EB2601. The  To-Be-Weds are registered at Bed, Bath and Beyond, and Pottery Barn. I will be gathering a collection to get them a gift card and would like any donations to be made to me on June 15th. Your contributions are very much appreciated. Please send regrets only for the shower via email or contact me at the number listed below. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  A Wedding Shower for Chris Walker 
Email : Dear JASON WOLFE,  Thanks for shopping gap.com. Your order 3119499 has been shipped and you will receive your package in the next 5 business days if you selected standard delivery. You will receive your package in 1 business day if you selected overnight delivery. If we may be of further assistance, please reply via e-mail at custserv@gap.com or call us at 1-800-GAP-STYLE. We hope you enjoy your order! Thanks again for shopping with us.   <Sep> Subject :  Shipment Notification for gap.com order # 3119499 
Email : The Enron Oral History Project Continues...  "Using History to Help Enron Become the World's Leading Company"  How can an understanding of strategic choices, regulatory change and corporate culture help Enron achieve its vision? Speaker: Joseph Pratt, Cullen Professor of History and Business, University of Houston and  Co-Director, Enron Oral History Project  Thursday, June 7 11:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. EB 5C2  To Make a Reservation, Call 3-1941 and Select Option 1  Lunch will not be provided, but you are welcome to bring your own. Please inform us ahead of time if you need special accommodations to participate in this meeting. Call 3-9390.   <Sep> Subject :  The Enron Oral History Project Continues 
Email : Below you will find a schedule for performance testing that is scheduled for Tuesday June 5, 2001 from 12:00 - 2:00. IT floor support will show up about 20 minutes prior to your groups start time. Please read and if you have any questions contact me. Thanks-   <Sep> Subject :  Unify Gas Performance Testing 
Email : Enron Recruitment Technology is launching a new, easy to use, web-based Employee Referral Program. This new site will help you to help Enron find the talent it needs. Referrals are one of the best sources of talent for Enron in terms of quality and fit with Enron's culture. We have found that referrals stay with the company longer and adapt faster than those hired through other sources. This site will help us run a world-class employee referral program with less work and better results. There are also incentives for you. If you refer a candidate who is hired, you could be eligible to receive a cash reward of up to $5,000. So help someone accelerate their career, make yourself some money, and help us realize our mission of being the World's No. 1 Company. Check out the site - let us know what you think -- we want to hear from you. This application should make referring easier for you so if you have suggestions that would enhance the program, send us an e-mail (Referral.Station@enron.com) or contact the Referral Station at (713) 345-3254, option 2.   <Sep> Subject :  Employee Referral Program 
Email : I am from the Associate/Analyst department and I am sending out this test email. If you are no longer an associate or analyst, or would not like to receive future information please let me know, so that I can remove you from the distribution list. If there is someone you know that did not receive this email please have them to email me. thank you,   <Sep> Subject :  Test email 
Email : Enron Enron  is one of the world's leading electricity, natural gas and communications  companies. The company, which owns approximately $37 billion in energy and  communications assets, produces electricity and natural gas, delivers physical  commodities and financial and risk management services to customers around the  world, and has developed an intelligent network platform to facilitate online  business - EnronOnline. Enron's Internet address is www.enron.com . The stock is traded under the  ticker symbol "ENE". Is this correct? I thought Enron didn't produce  electricity...or natural gas....just transported it....   Beth   <Sep> Subject :  Help me out -- this is copy that they want to use!!! 
Email : Here's a picture for you. August 16th is my retirement ceremony. Hope they let you and Beth off. Would be great if you could be here. Dad   <Sep> Subject :  Hi Jason 
Email : Reminder The Enron Oral History Project Continues...  "Using History to Help Enron Become the World's Leading Company"  How can an understanding of strategic choices, regulatory change and corporate culture help Enron achieve its vision? Speaker: Joseph Pratt, Cullen Professor of History and Business, University of Houston and  Co-Director, Enron Oral History Project  Thursday, June 7 11:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. EB 5C2  To Make a Reservation, Call 3-1941 and Select Option 1  Lunch will not be provided, but you are welcome to bring your own. Please inform us ahead of time if you need special accommodations to participate in this meeting. Call 3-9390.   <Sep> Subject :  Reminder 
Email : Hi Jason! I'm sorry I'll be gone to Savanna when you planned to make your trip. I hope you'll be able to come with Beth another time this summer and also come to Dad's retirement Beth is invited also. Hopefully, you can fly here in August. I'd been planning to call Janice Denny, then we ran into each other at Wal-Mart yesterday and talked for at least 20 minutes. She asked about you and she didn't know Jill and Matt had a baby. (So of course, I whipped out my purse sized photo album.) Tonight she called and gave me Matt's e-mail address and I gave her yours. Matt and Mistie were here for Jamie's grad. but they had no time to visit anyone. Here's Matt's address: pkpman@hotmail.com  Love, Mom    P.S. I transferred the 1500. today. Thanks!   <Sep> Subject :  Matt' s address 
Email : The NomLogic Beta Program is about to begin! Before you use NomLogic during trading hours, we would like for you to log-in and use the product in conjuction with your counterpart at Sempra Trading/Enron North America. In the instance that your counterpart is out of the office, please log-in on your own. When: Today, Wednesday, June 6, after 2 pm CST, at your convenience, YOUR DESK  Who: Contact your Sempra Trading/Enron North America counterpart Plan on a good time (after 2pm CST)  to use the module  What: Use NomLogic in the beta environment, beta.commoditylogic.com Use your user id and password to access your pipeline and deal data Edit deals in NomLogic for the Friday, June 8 GAS FLOW day Use "real data" if known, use "fake data" (contracts, package id's, etc.) if unknown   <Sep> Subject :  NomLogic "Trial Run"-Sempra/Enron NA 
Email : Hi Marilyn,  I am helping a friend plan an "away" wedding. I was wondering if you knew of or would suggest any resorts that have full wedding services that we can start looking at. They want simple wedding and are going to invite their close family and friends, but are not sure who will be able to come yet. I am thinking it will probably be about 10 people. They definitely want something tropical and probably all-inclusive would be best. I had a friend who got married in Playa de Carmen, but I'm not sure which resort. I was thinking somewhere in Mexico would be good but definitely not Cancun. They are on a tight budget because they will be paying for it themselves. So here are the details about what we are looking for: Tropical All-Inclusive Resort Round trip airfare Travel date between November 2001 and January 2002 (what time is cheaper?) Wedding Services including someone to perform the ceremony, flowers for the bride, photography, location for ceremony (possibly on the beach), location for reception for about 10 people (can be restaurant at the resort)   <Sep> Subject :  Help with wedding plans! 
Email : The party is still on. Due to the weather, the Pool party will be moved inside to the Imperial Ballroom East, 3rd level of the Hyatt Regency. see you there!   <Sep> Subject :  Meet the Pool, Venue change 
Email : To: jason.wolfe@enron.com   Thank you for registering on the Energy Central website, recognized as the leading energy portal on the Internet today! We are pleased you chose us as your online provider of energy information, products and services from around the globe. As you may have noticed, there's no lack of information on our site-news, jobs, directories, conferences, -and we encourage you to take advantage of your free trials to each of our products. We would also like to introduce you to sections of the site possibly not yet explored.   <Sep> Subject :  Welcome to Energy Central 
Email : Current Notes User:   To ensure that you experience a successful migration from Notes to Outlook, it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date of migration. Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the following survey. When you finish, simply click on the 'Reply' button then hit 'Send'  Your survey will automatically be sent to the Outlook 2000 Migration Mailbox. Thank you.   <Sep> Subject :  2- SURVEY/INFORMATION EMAIL 
Email : Some of you have already migrated to Windows 2000 and some are still waiting to be. Our group is schedule to get migrated to Outlook (e-mail) on May 8. In order for this to happen you must already have Windows 2000. If you are still waiting to be migrated to Windows 2000, please let me know. Also if you have already been migrated to Outlook or if you will be travelling during May 8 I need to know. Attached is some information on Outlook that you should read prior to migrating. It is also suggested that one week prior to migrating to Outlook that you take the one hour training session. At the bottom of the attached document is a contact number to schedule your training. Any questions please call me 646-6508.   <Sep> Subject :  Outlook Migration 
Email : Hello,  I am a Tax Analyst currently working on Co. 102's (The Protane Corporation) and Co. 214's (Citadel Corporation Limited) federal tax returns. I need the following four issues resolved to complete their tax returns. If you are not the correct accountant(s), could you please tell me who is? I would appreciate this information by Friday, April 27. It appears that on November 3, 2000 Co. 214 sold its 100% interest in Co. 218 (Citadel Venezolana, S.A.) to Co. 102 for 8,000,000 Venezuelan Bolivars. (If you need documentation for your research, I have the interoffice memo concerning this transaction.) There are four issues I have with this transaction:  1) As of 12/31/00, Co. 214 still has an Investment in Subsidiary balance of $1,760,000 and Equity Earnings of $494,508.83 relating to Co. 218. Should not these balances be $0? Also would there have been an intercompany gain/loss associated with this stock sale? 2) As of 12/31/00, Co. 102 shows no Investment in Subsidiary nor Equity Earnings balance relating to Co. 218. Should not there be a balance for Co. 218 which equals the USD equivalent of $8,000,000 Venezuelan Bolivars? Also, should not the Equity Earnings ($494,508.83) from Co. 218 posted on Co. 214 be posted on Co. 102? 3) As of 12/31/00, Co. 218 shows capital stock of $1,760,000 owned by Co. 214. Should not this capital stock be shown to be owned by Co. 102? 4) As of 12/31/00, Co. 214 is showing a $6,000,000 entry in "Other Deductions" (The credit side of the journal entry hits "Deferred Credits."). I need more detail concerning this amount. Could this be the consideration received from Co. 102 relating to the stock sale mentioned above? If you have any questions please feel free to contact me. Thank you for your time,   <Sep> Subject :  Need information concerning Co. 102, 214, and 218. 
Email : POSREP HOEGH GALLEON 16TH. APRIL 0218LT (END OF VOYAGE)  A) Position at noon        : LAKE CHARLES ANCHORAGE B) Dist. from last noon    : 187 n. miles (14,3 HRS.) C) Dist. to go to next port: Arrived Lake Charles D) Eta next port           : E) 1:Average sea/weather   : Wind: SE 2, Sea: SE 1    2:Average speed         : 13,08 knots / average RPM 88,86    3:B.O.G. consumed       : 215,852    4:F.O. consumed         : 23 mt. 5:G.O. consumed         : nil    6:Average vapor press. Tk. 1:0.091 bar. Average liq. temp: -158,7   <Sep> Subject :  DAILY POS. REPORT 16TH. 
Email : POSREP HOEGH GALLEON 20TH. APRIL 1200LT (1600UTC)  A) Position at noon        : N 24 00 W 081 57 B) Dist. from last noon    : 440 n. miles (24 HRS.) C) Dist. to go to next port: 8769 n.miles (Qalhat) D) Eta next port           : June 12th. 0001 local time E) 1:Average sea/weather   : Wind: E 6, Sea: E 5    2:Average speed         : 18,33 knots / average RPM 91,55    3:B.O.G. consumed       : nil    4:F.O. consumed         : 128 mt. 5:G.O. consumed         : nil    6:Average vapor press. Tk. 1:      bar. Average liq. temp:                           Tk. 2:                            :                           Tk. 3:                            :                           Tk. 4:                            :                           Tk. 5:                            :  ETA ALGECIRAS 29TH. 2000LT. Brgds Oe. Hansen Master  E-mail: master.gall@hoegh.no Teleph: Inmarsat tel.no.+874 330853910 Fax   : Inmarsat fax no.+874 330853913 Telex : Inmarsat B telex no.+584 330853915 Telex : Inmarsat C telex no.+584 430853910 (24hrs.watch)   <Sep> Subject :  DAILY POS. REPORT 
Email : Dear Sir's  Vessel Hoegh Galleon, pre-arrival message  AA) Hoegh Galleon/C6QB8 BB) Dep. Lake Charles 18th. 2100hrs lt. CC) ETA Qalhat 12th. 0001lt DD) Quantity for cooldown 1100M3, loading 87900M3 EE) Cooldown 19 hrs., loading 15hrs. Total 36 hrs. incl. paper work. FF) Nil GG) Nil  Brgds. Oe. Hansen/Master  E-mail: master.gall@hoegh.no Teleph: Inmarsat tel.no.+874 330853910 Fax   : Inmarsat fax no.+874 330853913 Telex : Inmarsat B telex no.+584 330853915 Telex : Inmarsat C telex no.+584 430853910 (24hrs.watch)   <Sep> Subject :  PRE-ARRIVAL MESSAGES 
Email : OUTLOOK EMAIL NOTIFICATION  Your Date of Migration is: May 7th  YOU WILL BE UNABLE TO SEND E-MAIL unless you take the following action: Please go through your Notes email and clean out as many old/un-needed email items as possible BEFORE your date of migration. After you are migrated to Outlook you will only be allocated 100MB of total Mailbox space. If more than this amount of data is migrated to Outlook YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO SEND E-MAIL until it is below the 100MB limit. Cleaning up your Notes email now will prevent this from happening to YOU. Enron's messaging platform is migrating from Lotus Notes to Microsoft Outlook 2000 worldwide. You will be accessing Outlook for all of your email functions. WHY IS ENRON MIGRATING TO OUTLOOK 2000? Many factors contributed to the decision to migrate from Lotus Notes to Microsoft Exchange/Outlook. The most prominent factors were:  ? Significant advantages to moving to a product that is more integrated with current Enron apps (Windows 2000, Office and Internet Explorer) ? More efficient Shared PC and Roaming User features ? Improved support and integration for Palm/CE devices ? Instant Messaging capabilities  WHAT IS BEING MIGRATED TO OUTLOOK 2000? ? Email Messages. From the date of your scheduled migration, the last (30) thirty days of your Email will be converted for use in Outlook. ? All your folders in Notes you use to store email messages in. ? To Do Items ? Journal Items ? Calendar Entries dating from (1) one year in the past to (10) ten years in the future will be converted. ? Address Books, but NOT your Distribution Lists that you created. You will need to re-create these in Outlook. Thank you,   <Sep> Subject :  1-URGENT - Outlook Email Notification (new) 
Email : POSREP HOEGH GALLEON 19TH. APRIL 1200LT (1600UTC)  A) Position at noon        : N 26 41 W 089 29 B) Dist. from last noon    : 271,5 n. miles (14 HRS. )(1 HRS. ADV) C) Dist. to go to next port: 9209 n.miles (Qalhat) D) Eta next port           : June 12th. 0001 local time E) 1:Average sea/weather   : Wind: SE 4 2, Sea: SE 3    2:Average speed         : 19,39 knots / average RPM 91,90    3:B.O.G. consumed       : nol    4:F.O. consumed         : 75 mt. 5:G.O. consumed         : nil    6:Average vapor press. Tk. 1:      bar. Average liq. temp:                           Tk. 2:                            :                           Tk. 3:                            :                           Tk. 4:                            :                           Tk. 5:                            :  ETA ALGECIRAS 29TH. 2000LT. Brgds Oe. Hansen Master  E-mail: master.gall@hoegh.no Teleph: Inmarsat tel.no. 330853910 Fax   : Inmarsat fax no. 330853913 Telex : Inmarsat B telex no.330853915 Telex : Inmarsat C telex no.430853910 (24hrs.watch)   <Sep> Subject :  DAILY POS. REPORT. 
Email : Dear Sir's  Aknowledge receipt of voyage order no. 002-01. Brgds Oe. Hansen Master  E-mail: master.gall@hoegh.no Teleph: Inmarsat tel.no. 330853910 Fax   : Inmarsat fax no. 330853913 Telex : Inmarsat B telex no.330853915 Telex : Inmarsat C telex no.430853910 (24hrs.watch)   <Sep> Subject :  VOY. ORDER 002-01 
Email : Dear Sir's. Pls. find attaced port summary for voyage 001, discharge at Lake Charles April 16th.-17th. Brgds Oe. Hansen Master  E-mail: master.gall@hoegh.no Teleph: Inmarsat tel.no. 330853910 Fax   : Inmarsat fax no. 330853913 Telex : Inmarsat B telex no.330853915 Telex : Inmarsat C telex no.430853910 (24hrs.watch)   - PORT LOG.L.C.1xls.xls   <Sep> Subject :  PORT SUMMARY. 
Email : Dear Sir's  Informed by agent early this morning that departure is postponed due to wind. Vessel ready to sail with one hour's notice. Will keep you posted if any changes. To Dan Masters In sake of good order, could you pls. send voyage instruction for voy. 002. (Just for my file)  Brgds Oe. Hansen Master  E-mail: master.gall@hoegh.no Teleph: Inmarsat tel.no. 330853910 Fax   : Inmarsat fax no. 330853913 Telex : Inmarsat B telex no.330853915 Telex : Inmarsat C telex no.430853910 (24hrs.watch)   <Sep> Subject :  FUTHER DELAY 
Email : My company is changing my e-mail address. Soon, the current address you have for me will no longer work. Please change your address book as soon as possible. The new address should work from this point forward. Current address is    jane@intermat.com  New address will be    jane.burnap@intermat.com    Jane (Tamplin) Burnap   <Sep> Subject :  email address change 
Email : A staff meeting has been scheduled for Wednesday, April 18 from 2:00 - 4:00 pm in 3AC17C1. Please advise if you are unable to participate. Thanks   <Sep> Subject :  Staff Meeting 
Email : Pls. note that the vessel now is on Atlantic West satelitte. Area code + 874 phn/fax           + 584 tlx  Brgds Oe. Hansen Master  E-mail: master.gall@hoegh.no Teleph: Inmarsat tel.no. 330853910 Fax   : Inmarsat fax no. 330853913 Telex : Inmarsat B telex no.330853915 Telex : Inmarsat C telex no.430853910 (24hrs.watch)   <Sep> Subject :  AREA CODE 
Email : POSREP HOEGH GALLEON 15TH. APRIL 1200LT (1600UTC)  A) Position at noon        : N 27 07 W 090 31 B) Dist. from last noon    : 389 n. miles (25 HRS.) C) Dist. to go to next port: 211 n.miles D) Eta next port           :April 16th. 0400lt. E) 1:Average sea/weather   :Wind: ESE 2, Sea: ESE 1    2:Average speed         :15,56 knots / average RPM 79,40    3:B.O.G. consumed       :299,463M3    4:F.O. consumed         :41 mt. 5:G.O. consumed         :nil    6:Average vapor press. Tk. 1:0,095 bar. Average liq. temp:-158,7                           Tk. 2:0,094                       :-158,7                           Tk. 3:0,094                       :-158,7                           Tk. 4:0,092                       :-158,7                           Tk. 5:0,095                       :-158,6 Brgds Oe. Hansen Master  E-mail: master.gall@hoegh.no Teleph: Inmarsat tel.no. 330853910 Fax   : Inmarsat fax no. 330853913 Telex : Inmarsat B telex no.330853915 Telex : Inmarsat C telex no.430853910 (24hrs.watch)   <Sep> Subject :  DAILY POS. REPORT 
Email : Hi Paul. I received your message earlier this year and accidentally erased it. When I called information to get your number, a really young woman (twenty-something) answered the phone number I was given....  She told me I had the wrong number but I'm still wondering... Anyway, hopefully you'll receive this and reply with your current home number. Are you still in Puerto Rico? You'll have to tell me about your experience there. Let me know if you receive this and I'll write back...  Talk to you soon...   Dana   <Sep> Subject :  hi! 
Email : Dear Sir; Passed Suez canal. Captain Oe Hansen relieved by Captain Knut Bentzr?d. Commenced sea voyage at N 29,8? E 032,5?, 1630 LT (1330 GMT)  A) Position at noon        : NA B) Dist. from last noon    : NA C) Dist. to go to next port: 2472 nm D) Eta next port           : 13 May 0900 LT   Brgds Knut Bentzr?d Master  E-mail: master.gall@hoegh.no Teleph: Inmarsat tel.no.+874 330853910 Fax   : Inmarsat fax no.+874 330853913 Telex : Inmarsat B telex no.+584 330853915 Telex : Inmarsat C telex no.+584 430853910 (24hrs.watch)   <Sep> Subject :  Departure report 7 May 
Email : POSREP HOEGH GALLEON 14TH. APRIL 1200LT (1600UTC)  A) Position at noon        : N 24 45 W 083 57 B) Dist. from last noon    : 341 n. miles (24 HRS.) C) Dist. to go to next port: 600 n.miles D) Eta next port           :April 16th. 0001lt. E) 1:Average sea/weather   :Wind: ESE 2, Sea: ESE 1    2:Average speed         :114,21 knots / average RPM 82,34    3:B.O.G. consumed       :235,435M3    4:F.O. consumed         :42 mt. 5:G.O. consumed         :nil    6:Average vapor press. Tk. 1:0,085 bar. Average liq. temp:-158,6                           Tk. 2:0,084                       :-158,7                           Tk. 3:0,084                       :-158,6                           Tk. 4:0,083                       :-158,7                           Tk. 5:0,085                       :-158,5   Brgds Oe. Hansen Master  E-mail: master.gall@hoegh.no Teleph: Inmarsat tel.no. 330853910 Fax   : Inmarsat fax no. 330853913 Telex : Inmarsat B telex no.330853915 Telex : Inmarsat C telex no.430853910 (24hrs.watch)   <Sep> Subject :  DAILY POS. REPORT 
Email : POSREP HOEGH GALLEON 13TH. APRIL 1200LT (1600UTC)  A) Position at noon        : N 26 19 W 078 59 B) Dist. from last noon    : 423 n. miles (25 HRS.) C) Dist. to go to next port: 941 n.miles D) Eta next port           :April 16th. 0001lt. E) 1:Average sea/weather   :Wind: ESE 3, Sea: ESE 2    2:Average speed         :16,92 knots / average RPM 82,62    3:B.O.G. consumed       :170,758M3    4:F.O. consumed         :49 mt. 5:G.O. consumed         :nil    6:Average vapor press. Tk. 1:0,092 bar. Average liq. temp:-158,6                           Tk. 2:0,091                       :-158,6                           Tk. 3:0,091                       :-158,6                           Tk. 4:0,090                       :-158,6                           Tk. 5:0,092                       :-158,6 Brgds Oe. Hansen Master  E-mail: master.gall@hoegh.no Teleph: Inmarsat tel.no. 330853910 Fax   : Inmarsat fax no. 330853913 Telex : Inmarsat B telex no.330853915 Telex : Inmarsat C telex no.430853910 (24hrs.watch)   <Sep> Subject :  DAILY POS. REPORT 
Email : For info, Pls. find attached Master's statement of vessel's staus. sent to COTP zone Morgan City. Brgds Oe. Hansen Master  E-mail: master.gall@hoegh.no Teleph: Inmarsat tel.no. 330853910 Fax   : Inmarsat fax no. 330853913 Telex : Inmarsat B telex no.330853915 Telex : Inmarsat C telex no.430853910 (24hrs.watch)   - cotp vessel status.doc   <Sep> Subject :  USCG - Arrival message. 
Email : POSREP HOEGH GALLEON 12TH. APRIL 1200LT (1500UTC)  A) Position at noon        : N 26 52 W 071 24 B) Dist. from last noon    : 400 n. miles (24 HRS.) C) Dist. to go to next port: 11364 n.miles D) Eta next port           :April 16th. 0001lt. E) 1:Average sea/weather   :Wind: SE 2, Sea: SE 1    2:Average speed         :16,67 knots / average RPM 82,38    3:B.O.G. consumed       :205,851M3    4:F.O. consumed         :44 mt. 5:G.O. consumed         :nil    6:Average vapor press. Tk. 1:0,110 bar. Average liq. temp:-158,5                           Tk. 2:0,109                       :-158,6                           Tk. 3:0,109                       :-158,6                           Tk. 4:0,107                       :-158,6                           Tk. 5:0,109                       :-158,5 Brgds Oe. Hansen Master  E-mail: master.gall@hoegh.no Teleph: Inmarsat tel.no. 330853910 Fax   : Inmarsat fax no. 330853913 Telex : Inmarsat B telex no.330853915 Telex : Inmarsat C telex no.430853910 (24hrs.watch)   <Sep> Subject :  DAILY POS. REPORT 
Email : Attached are my notes from the Meeting with SLNG, BG, and EPME on the Elba Island LNG Terminal Reactivation , held at the Terminal site in Savannah on April 3 and 4, 2001. The significant issues are summarized as follows:  The ELP Report indicates that two 50 tonne tractor tugs and one 30 tonne standard tug are required to dock a ship at Elba Island. For the Dabhol project, an Enron commissioned study indicates that four 50 tonne tractor tugs are required during high wind conditions (25 knots) to safely berth a Lakshmi type vessel. Each shipper will have to make its own determination as to whether or not additional tugs over what the ELP study recommends are necessary at Elba Island. SLNG are to prepare a table comparing their current turning basin cost assessment with the alternate arrangement discussed in the meeting. Enron are not convinced that the new Turning Basin is necessary to protect LNG tankers moored to the dock from the wake of passing ships and requested additional simulation by Eagle, Lyon, Pope(ELP) to evaluate the impact of ships passing at a distance of 500 ft on a 135,000 m3 vessel moored at the dock with 16 lines. There is a potential annual savings of $2 million+ for maintenance costs, if the Army Corp of Engineers does the maintenance dredging for the new turning basin, which they have apparently verbally committed to do. This maintenance cost savings, if realized, would offset the $10 million+ capital cost for the new turning basin. Neither Enron nor BG support the use of tugs to escort vessels past the Elba Island Dock when no LNG ship is berthed at the dock. SLNG are to request a meeting with FERC (Bob Arvedlund), tenatively 24 April 2001,  to present the results of the Eagle Lyon Pope Marine Navigation Study and argue that tug escorts when an LNG Tanker is not moored to the dock is unnecessary. Reps from Enron, BG, EPME and SLNG will be invited. There is a possiblity that the Army Corp of Engineers will not approve the new turning basin in time for SLNG's scheduled reopening date. If this happens, then the proposed arguments to FERC regarding dock protection will have to be reassessed. The US Coast Guard Draft report on Notice of Proposed Rule Making for Savannah River traffic and LNG vessels should be issued within two weeks. Interested parties will then have 60 days to file comments. SLNG are to provide drawings of the new LNG unloading dock to both Enron and BG. SLNG are to provide monthly cost updates to both Enron and BG. BG stressed that they will not need the terminal to be reactivated until April/May 2002, and that there is no justification for spending money to accelerate the reactivation schedule to acheive SLNG's 1 October 2002 reactivation date. SLNG are to provide Enron and BG a copy of the Savannah Pilots Association working procedures for river traffic. Regards   <Sep> Subject :  Meeting Notes of SLNG Shipper's Meeting - 3/4 April 2001 
Email : Paul,  Hope you had productive meetings in London. Any idea what the team is planning for Lakshmi? If possible, please call me on my cellphone. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Hi! 
Email : POSREP HOEGH GALLEON 11TH. APRIL 1200LT (1500UTC)  A) Position at noon        : N 27 56 W 063 59 B) Dist. from last noon    : 442 n. miles (25 HRS.) C) Dist. to go to next port: 1764 n.miles D) Eta next port           :April 16th. 0001lt. E) 1:Average sea/weather   :Wind: SW 3, Sea: SW 2    2:Average speed         :17,68 knots / average RPM 90,08    3:B.O.G. consumed       :288,734M3    4:F.O. consumed         :61 mt. 5:G.O. consumed         :nil    6:Average vapor press. Tk. 1:0,103 bar. Average liq. temp:-158,6                           Tk. 2:0,101                       :-158,6                           Tk. 3:0,103                       :-158,5                           Tk. 4:0,101                       :-158,6                           Tk. 5:0,103                       :-158,6 Brgds Oe. Hansen Master  E-mail: master.gall@hoegh.no Teleph: Inmarsat tel.no. 330853910 Fax   : Inmarsat fax no. 330853913 Telex : Inmarsat B telex no.330853915 Telex : Inmarsat C telex no.430853910 (24hrs.watch)   <Sep> Subject :  DAILY POS. REPORT. 
Email : I have been requested by Javier Chavarria to start direct conversations with Humberto to supply him for the needs of Progasco / Tropigas. In order to cover our costs and make the sale to Humberto, we need a landed cost around MB + 5 for 55,000 Mts per year delivered in partial cargoes sizes that can vary anywhere from 3,000 Mts to 15,000 Mts but cargoes over 8,000 Mts have to be carefully co-ordinated due to the fact that EcoEl?ctrica keeps an inventory in their tanks. Suzanne, I need to move aggressively to try and make this deal . Saludos   <Sep> Subject :  Supply Contract 
Email : POSREP HOEGH GALLEON 10TH. APRIL 1200LT (1400UTC)  A) Position at noon        : N 29 08 W 055 43 B) Dist. from last noon    : 413 n. miles (25 HRS.) C) Dist. to go to next port: 2206 n.miles D) Eta next port           :April 16th. 0001lt. E) 1:Average sea/weather   :Wind: NW 5, Sea: NW 4    2:Average speed         :16,52 knots / average RPM 88,88    3:B.O.G. consumed       :319,125M3    4:F.O. consumed         :58 mt. 5:G.O. consumed         :nil    6:Average vapor press. Tk. 1:0,121 bar. Average liq. temp:-158,6                           Tk. 2:0,120                       :-158,6                           Tk. 3:0,120                       :-158,4                           Tk. 4:0,118                       :-158,6                           Tk. 5:0,121                       :-158,5    Brgds Oe. Hansen Master  E-mail: master.gall@hoegh.no Teleph: Inmarsat tel.no. 330853910 Fax   : Inmarsat fax no. 330853913 Telex : Inmarsat B telex no.330853915 Telex : Inmarsat C telex no.430853910 (24hrs.watch)   <Sep> Subject :  DAILY POS. REPORT 
Email : Dan,  Victor and I did discuss the demurrage claim. As I understand the facts, this does not appear to be a valid claim. I am looking to your group to evaluate the merits of the claim. If you conclude that the claim is valid, please prepare memo to Victor with copy to me, explaning why the claim is valid. If on the other hand, you conclude the claim is not valid, then please prepare a letter to Cabot ( for Victor's signature) explaning why the claim is not valid. Rick   <Sep> Subject :  Ship Demurrage Claim 
Email : POSREP HOEGH GALLEON 9TH. APRIL 1200LT (1300UTC)  A) Position at noon        : N 30 15 W 047 55 B) Dist. from last noon    : 374 n. miles (24 HRS.) C) Dist. to go to next port: 2619 n.miles D) Eta next port           :April 16th. 0001lt. E) 1:Average sea/weather   :Wind: SW 7, Sea: SW 6    2:Average speed         :15,58 knots / average RPM 89,98    3:B.O.G. consumed       :361,230M3    4:F.O. consumed         :53 mt. 5:G.O. consumed         :nil    6:Average vapor press. Tk. 1:0,145 bar. Average liq. temp:-158,5                           Tk. 2:0,142                       :-158,6                           Tk. 3:0,141                       :-158,4                           Tk. 4:0,140                       :-158,6                           Tk. 5:0,141                       :-158,5      Brgds Oe. Hansen Master  E-mail: master.gall@hoegh.no Teleph: Inmarsat tel.no. 330853910 Fax   : Inmarsat fax no. 330853913 Telex : Inmarsat B telex no.330853915 Telex : Inmarsat C telex no.430853910 (24hrs.watch)   <Sep> Subject :  DAILY POS. REPORT 
Email : POSREP HOEGH GALLEON, DATE:  A) Position at noon        : N 18,0? E 040,2? B) Dist. from last noon    : 459 nm C) Dist. to go to next port: 1642 nm D) Eta next port           : 13 0900 LT E) 1:Average sea/weather   : Wind: NW 4   Sea: NW3    2:Average speed         :19.13  knots / average RPM 92.31    3:B.O.G. consumed       :nil      B.O.G. Total          :    4:F.O. consumed         : 162    5:G.O. consumed         : nil    Brgds Knut Bentzr?d Master  E-mail: master.gall@hoegh.no Teleph: Inmarsat tel.no.+874 330853910 Fax   : Inmarsat fax no.+874 330853913 Telex : Inmarsat B telex no.+584 330853915 Telex : Inmarsat C telex no.+584 430853910 (24hrs.watch)   <Sep> Subject :  POSREP 
Email : Dan,  Have had a meeting with HFS regarding the commissioning of the Combustion Control Management System(Gas Only). As mention before in tel. where we indicated that we would have the service people onboard at Qalhat for following the vessel to Suez for the commission, have now been postponed until Suez - Algeciras. The reason for this is as following. Expecting completing loading 14/5 2400 Faop  15/5 0300lt Eta   20/5 2200lt  (Latest at 2300 to join the convoy early morning 21st)  I.e. Speed abt. 17,5 knots  which mean that the vessel has to use both BOG and F.O. As we need to go up and down with the speed to fine tune the Combustion Controller, we feel that is no room to do that on the voy Qalhat - Suez. On the voy. between Port Said and Algeciras is easier to control the Eta Lake Charles (8/6). Hoping you are in agreement of our conclusion. Best regards   <Sep> Subject :  Gas only - Combustion management 
Email : Paul:  I need to get some hard evidence (paperwork) that subtantiates the gain collected by Eco Holdings on the LPG hedging contracts for the year 2000. I do have copies of the contracts, but for audit purposes we need to have probably the worksheet where we signed off with Enron as to the amounts collected. Who can I talk to to get this?   <Sep> Subject :  Year 2000 Hedging Gains 
Email : POSREP HOEGH GALLEON, DATE: 09 MAY 0900 UTC (1200LT)  A) Position at noon        : N 18,0? E 040,2? B) Dist. from last noon    : 459 nm C) Dist. to go to next port: 1642 nm D) Eta next port           : 13 0900 LT E) 1:Average sea/weather   : Wind: NW 4   Sea: NW3    2:Average speed         :19.13  knots / average RPM 92.31    3:B.O.G. consumed       :nil      B.O.G. Total          :    4:F.O. consumed         : 162    5:G.O. consumed         : nil    Brgds Knut Bentzr?d Master  E-mail: master.gall@hoegh.no Teleph: Inmarsat tel.no.+874 330853910 Fax   : Inmarsat fax no.+874 330853913 Telex : Inmarsat B telex no.+584 330853915 Telex : Inmarsat C telex no.+584 430853910 (24hrs.watch)   <Sep> Subject :  POSREP RESEND FOR 9 MAY 
Email : POSREP HOEGH GALLEON, DATE: 10-May 12:00 9:00 (UTC) A) Position at noon: N 12 25 E 044 29 B) Dist. From last noon: 443 nm C) Dist. To go to next port: 1199 nm D) ETA next port: Qalhat 13 0900 LT E) 1: Average sea/wind Sea: SW 4 Wind: SW 3     2: Average speed 18.46 kn     3: BOG consumed 0 m3     4: BOG Total 0 m3     5: F.O Consumed 164 m3     6: G.O. Consumed 0 m3  Brgds Knut Bentzr?d Master LNG/C "Hoegh Galleon"  E-mail: master.gall@hoegh.no Teleph: Inmarsat tel.no.+873 330853910 Fax   : Inmarsat fax no.+873 330853913 Telex : Inmarsat B telex no.+583 330853915 Telex : Inmarsat C telex no.+583 430853910 (24hrs.watch)   <Sep> Subject :  POSREP 10 MAY 
Email : Please see the attached WGI Prices Update. I will be posting this on the EGM Fundamentals website tomorrow, please send me your comments and suggestions! Thanks!   <Sep> Subject :  WGI Update 
Email : Patti,  I need a favor to ask from you. Our accountant Shilpa Kadakia has asked for a printout of what projects has time been charged  to since January 1, 2001 til now. I need it for the following people have charged there time to:  Wayne Perry Tony Galt Zdenek Gerych VV Rao Dan Masters Rajesh Chettiar Dustin Collins Paul Y'Barbo Todd Peterson Larry Snyder   <Sep> Subject :  Timesheets 
Email : POSREP HOEGH GALLEON, DATE: 11-May 12:00 8:00 (UTC) A) Position at noon: N 14 54 E 051 16 B) Dist. From last noon: 425 nm C) Dist. To go to next port: 774 nm D) ETA next port: Qalhat 13 0900 LT E) 1: Average sea/wind Sea: E 3 Wind: E 2     2: Average speed 18.48 kn     3: BOG consumed 0 m3     4: BOG Total 0 m3     5: F.O Consumed 164 m3     6: G.O. Consumed 0 m3  Brgds Knut Bentzr?d Master LNG/C "Hoegh Galleon"  E-mail: master.gall@hoegh.no Teleph: Inmarsat tel.no.+873 330853910 Fax   : Inmarsat fax no.+873 330853913 Telex : Inmarsat B telex no.+583 330853915 Telex : Inmarsat C telex no.+583 430853910 (24hrs.watch)   <Sep> Subject :  Posrep 11 May 
Email : POSREP HOEGH GALLEON, DATE: 11-May 12:00 8:00 (UTC) A) Position at noon: N 14 54 E 051 16 B) Dist. From last noon: 425 nm C) Dist. To go to next port: 774 nm D) ETA next port: Qalhat 13 0900 LT E) 1: Average sea/wind Sea: E 3 Wind: E 2     2: Average speed 18.48 kn RPM: 93.17     3: BOG consumed 0 m3     4: BOG Total 0 m3     5: F.O Consumed 164 m3     6: G.O. Consumed 0 m3  Brgds Knut Bentzr?d Master LNG/C "Hoegh Galleon"  E-mail: master.gall@hoegh.no Teleph: Inmarsat tel.no.+873 330853910 Fax   : Inmarsat fax no.+873 330853913 Telex : Inmarsat B telex no.+583 330853915 Telex : Inmarsat C telex no.+583 430853910 (24hrs.watch)   <Sep> Subject :  Posrep 11 May (RESEND) 
Email : Chris,  As per clause 7.2 (a) (i) of the LNG sales contract we are providing you EcoElctrica's Ninety Day Schedule. 4-8 July '01 "Matthew" 12-16 Aug '01 "Matthew"  Please provide a copy of the ALNG  Ninety Day Schedule and a delivery schedule for Eco cargoes per clause 7.2 (b) of the LNG sales contract . Thanks and regards,   <Sep> Subject :  90 Day Schedule 
Email : HOEGH GALLEON, DATE: 13-May 6:00 2:00 (UTC) A) Position at 0600: N 22 46.4 E 59 33.8 ROB: FO: 3514,6 DO: 127 DEST. WATER: 116 FW: 116 B) Dist. From last noon: 313 nm C) Dist. To go to next port: 0 nm D) ETA next port: 0 00-Jan LT E) 1: Average sea/wind Sea: S4 Wind: S3     2: Average speed 17.39 kn RPM: 86.16     3: BOG consumed 0 m3     4: BOG Total 0 m3     5: F.O Consumed 102.4 m3     6: G.O. Consumed 0 m3  ETD: 14 2100 LT (1700 UTC)   Brgds Knut Bentzr?d Master LNG/C "Hoegh Galleon"  E-mail: master.gall@hoegh.no Teleph: Inmarsat tel.no.+873 330853910 Fax   : Inmarsat fax no.+873 330853913 Telex : Inmarsat B telex no.+583 330853915 Telex : Inmarsat C telex no.+583 430853910 (24hrs.watch)   <Sep> Subject :  ARRIVAL FOR QALHAT, OMAN 
Email : GOOD MORNING! PLS FIND ATTACHED SHIP'S TIMESHEET FOR QALHAT. ETA SUEZ 20 2000 LT ETA ALGECIRAS, SPAIN 27 1200 LT ETA LAKE CHARLES 08 JUNE 0100 LT  Brgds Knut Bentzr?d Master LNG/C "Hoegh Galleon"  E-mail: master.gall@hoegh.no Teleph: Inmarsat tel.no.+873 330853910 Fax   : Inmarsat fax no.+873 330853913 Telex : Inmarsat B telex no.+583 330853915 Telex : Inmarsat C telex no.+583 430853910 (24hrs.watch)   - portlog.qalhat,voy2.xls   <Sep> Subject :  DEPARTURE QALHAT 
Email : POSREP HOEGH GALLEON, DATE: 16-May 12:00 8:00 (UTC) A) Position at noon: N 16 08 E 53 59 B) Dist. From last noon: 424 nm C) Dist. To go to next port: 1864 nm D) ETA next port: SUEZ 20 20:00 LT E) 1: Average sea/wind Sea: SW 5 Wind: SW 4     2: Average speed 17.67 kn RPM: 94.93     3: BOG consumed 108.525 m3     4: BOG Total 108.525 m3     5: F.O Consumed 98 m3     6: G.O. Consumed 0 m3     7: Average vapor press  Average liq. Temp: Tk1: 0.107 bar -159.28 ?C   <Sep> Subject :  POSREP 16 MAY 
Email : POSREP HOEGH GALLEON, DATE: 17-May 12:00 8:00 (UTC) A) Position at noon: N 13 10 E 47 04 B) Dist. From last noon: 440 nm C) Dist. To go to next port: 1424 nm D) ETA next port: SUEZ 20 20:00 LT E) 1: Average sea/wind Sea: SSW 3 Wind: SSW 2     2: Average speed 18.33 kn RPM: 94.85     3: BOG consumed 148.231 m3     4: BOG Total 148.231 m3     5: F.O Consumed 62 m3     6: G.O. Consumed 0 m3     7: Average vapor press  Average liq. Temp: Tk1: 0.099 bar -159.2 ?C   <Sep> Subject :  POSREP 17 MAY 
Email : Ram,  As discussed, we need to obtain a copy of the Dabhol Port Regulations from MMB urgently, the reason being:  MOL have asked for a copy of the Conditions of Use (COU) or any similar document that may be required to be signed by the master of SS Lakshmi for her being allowed to enter the Dabhol port. I have been given to understand that generally the COU or any similar document, as prescribed by the concerned Port Authorities, among other things outlines the liabilities of the ship owner in case of any damage to the port facilities while the ship uses the port. Since the Dabhol port falls within the jurisdiction of MMB, the draft Dabhol Port Regulations as forwarded to GOM by MMB may possibly include such a document. In order to obtain a copy of the draft regulations, would you consider writing to MMB or talking to the CEO? I leave it to your better judgement. Tony & Paul,  We need to get a copy of the COU for the Qalhat & Das Island loading ports. Both the SPAs specifically call for DPC (or GSCL and/or the master of the LNG ship) to sign all conditions for using the load port. I shall call you after a few hours. In the meanwhile, I propose to send an interim reply to MOL tomorrow morning (India time) saying that we are arranging for the COUs and shall forward a copy of the same shortly. Best regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Conditions of Use of Ports/Terminals 
Email : Paul  I am now working at Dubai office and ready. If there is no CoU agreement for Dabhol, should we go ahead and start generating one. Pl advise. Regards   <Sep> Subject :  moved 
Email : BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS  Enron Industrial Markets Enron Industrial Markets announced the signing of definitive agreements with Huntco, Inc. under which over a 15-year period Enron will provide inventory price risk management services and will eventually provide more than 600,000 tons per year of hot-rolled, cold-rolled and galvanized steel products to Huntco Steel. The agreements provide Enron access to Huntco's network of steel distribution centers nationwide. The agreements also provide for Enron's acquisition of Huntco's cold rolling and certain coil pickling operations in Blytheville, Arkansas. These transactions with Huntco have the potential to fundamentally change the way steel is bought and sold in the United States. It gives Enron immediate access to physical steel and positions Enron geographically to serve the steel industry in a variety of ways. In addition to providing physical products on both a spot and term basis, EIM's goals for the steel industry include developing commodity risk management products, providing structured finance products and establishing the market-making capabilities that Enron has brought to the natural gas, power and other commodity markets. Enron North America-Upstream Products Upstream Products has partnered with Duke Energy Field Services (DEFS) to close a 20-year NGL exchange and transportation deal with Formosa Hydrocarbons and Williams Energy Field Services to handle raw make product from the Williams Markham plant. Formosa Hydrocarbons is building a 40,000 BPD fractionator to handle this and other Gulf Coast NGL production. The accompanying pipeline will be known as the Seabreeze pipeline system and will be constructed by DEFS. Texas Brine LLC will provide NGL storage services for Formosa Hydrocarbons on this system. Primary production for this system is coming from the Boomvang Nansen field in the deepwater GOM and will be the first deepwater GOM production to come onshore in Texas. Upstream Products has also worked to arrange a 20-year transportation lease agreement on the Dean Pipeline (owned by TEPPCO) for refinery grade propylene service to be utilized by Formosa Plastics. Coupled with this transaction, Enron Clean Fuels has entered into a propylene storage agreement with Formosa Plastics to utilize ECF's Mt. Belvieu storage facilities. In addition, Enron Global Markets has been able to amend its current transportation agreement with TEPPCO to prematurely terminate a take-or-pay obligation and realize additional transportation revenues from interim NGL production coming from the Williams Markham to be delivered to Mt. Belvieu. Upon close, Upstream Products was monetized out of its initial position by DEFS and retained a risk-free net profits position on the Seabreeze Pipeline going forward for an additional 20,000-40,000 BPD of excess capacity on the system. ENA West Power Southwest Power, an ENA affiliate, signed a 222MW 15-year tolling agreement with Allegheny Energy Supply for all of the output of Southwest's Las Vegas expansion project, scheduled for completion in September, 2002. With the tolling agreement done and construction underway, the project will now be marketed to qualified generators. IN THE NEWS  "To truly understand Enron's Jeffrey Skilling - the hypersmart, hyperconfident chief executive of what may now be the largest energy trading company on the planet - head to your local video store and check out that classic American cinema, Wayne's World. At 15, Skilling helped launch a no-budget television station in Aurora, Illinois - the very thing that Mike Myers and Dana Carvey so famously spoofed on Saturday Night Live and in two movies. The TV skit even begins with a sketch of a teenage cameraman, the role of the real-life Skilling." --- Randall Lane, Worth Magazine. May 2001.   <Sep> Subject :  EnTouch Newsletter 
Email : Dear Sir's. May 6th. 1400lt. Voyage interrupted. Bunker ROB Fo 4523mt Go 128mt. 1615lt. Drop anchor in "V 1". 1630lt. Complete anchored, awaiting southbound convoy. Brgds Oe. Hansen Master LNG/C "Hoegh galleon"  E-mail: master.gall@hoegh.no Teleph: Inmarsat tel.no.+873 330853910 Fax   : Inmarsat fax no.+873 330853913 Telex : Inmarsat B telex no.+583 330853915 Telex : Inmarsat C telex no.+583 430853910 (24hrs.watch)   <Sep> Subject :  Arrival message. 
Email : POSREP HOEGH GALLEON, DATE: 18-May 12:00 9:00 (UTC) A) Position at noon: N 16 10 E 41 18 B) Dist. From last noon: 473 nm C) Dist. To go to next port: 951 nm D) ETA next port: SUEZ 20 20:00 LT E) 1: Average sea/wind Sea: WNW 4 Wind: WNW 3     2: Average speed 18.92 kn RPM: 94.58     3: BOG consumed 171.5 m3     4: BOG Total 171.5 m3     5: F.O Consumed 68 m3     6: G.O. Consumed 0 m3     7: Average vapor press  Average liq. Temp: Tk1: 0.101 bar -159.04 ?C   <Sep> Subject :  POSREP 18 MAY 
Email : POSREP HOEGH GALLEON, DATE: 20-May 12:00 9:00 (UTC) A) Position at noon: N 28 13 E 33 19 B) Dist. From last noon: 418 nm C) Dist. To go to next port: 101 nm D) ETA next port: SUEZ 20 18:00 LT E) 1: Average sea/wind Sea: NW 5 Wind: NW 4     2: Average speed 17.42 kn RPM: 88.93     3: BOG consumed 179 m3     4: BOG Total 179 m3     5: F.O Consumed 46 m3     6: G.O. Consumed 0 m3     7: Average vapor press  Average liq. Temp: Tk1: 0.107 bar -158.9 ?C   <Sep> Subject :  POSREP 20 MAY 
Email : POSREP HOEGH GALLEON, DATE: May 6th. 1200lt. A) Position at noon        : N 31 53 E 031 27 B) Dist. from last noon    : 430 n.miles C) Dist. to go to next port: 2526 n.miles (Qalhat) D) Eta next port           : May 13th. 0900 lt. E) 1:Average sea/weather   : Wind:ESE 6 Sea:ESE 5    2:Average speed         : 17,92 knots / average RPM 91,6    3:B.O.G. consumed       :    4:F.O. consumed         : 155 mt. 5:G.O. consumed         :  Eta Port Said 6th. 1600lt. Brgds Oe. Hansen Master LNG/C "Hoegh Galleon"  E-mail: master.gall@hoegh.no Teleph: Inmarsat tel.no.+873 330853910 Fax   : Inmarsat fax no.+873 330853913 Telex : Inmarsat B telex no.+583 330853915 Telex : Inmarsat C telex no.+583 430853910 (24hrs.watch)   <Sep> Subject :  Daily pos. report, May 6th. 
Email : POSREP HOEGH GALLEON, DATE: 22-May 12:00 9:00 (UTC) A) Position at noon: N 32 58 E 27 27 B) Dist. From last noon: 267 nm C) Dist. To go to next port: 1645 nm D) ETA next port: ALGECIRAS 26 10:00 LT E) 1: Average sea/wind Sea: NW 4 Wind: NW 3     2: Average speed 17.23 kn RPM: 85.7     3: BOG consumed 111 m3     4: BOG Total 125 m3     5: F.O Consumed 29.9 m3     6: G.O. Consumed 0 m3     7: Average vapor press  Average liq. Temp: Tk1: 0.146 bar -158.51 ?C   <Sep> Subject :  POSREP 22 MAY 
Email : POSREP HOEGH GALLEON, DATE: 23-May 12:00 9:00 (UTC) A) Position at noon: N 34 57 E 19 40 B) Dist. From last noon: 405 nm C) Dist. To go to next port: 1240 nm D) ETA next port: ALGECIRAS 26 23:00 LT E) 1: Average sea/wind Sea: NW 4 Wind: NW 3     2: Average speed 16.88 kn RPM: 88.93     3: BOG consumed 191 m3     4: BOG Total 191 m3     5: F.O Consumed 46 m3     6: G.O. Consumed 0 m3     7: Average vapor press  Average liq. Temp: Tk1: 0.148 bar -158.43 ?C   <Sep> Subject :  POSREP 23 MAY 
Email : Dan,  Please be advised that the vessel is reporting steamleakage on port boiler this morning, indicated by loss of water. Port boiler was closed down for to be cooled for entering and investigation. Just received a msg from the vessel that it looks like a crack in one of the tubes in the waterwall and this will be closer investigated as soon as the boiler is cooled further down. If so, the crack can be welded during the night/morning (24th). The vessel is arriving Algeciras on the 26th 2300 for taking boiler water, stores, spares and change of crew. The Capt. is reporting that the deviation will be abt 12 hrs as the vessel have to anchor for taking boiler water, but he will do his outmost to minimizing the deviation time. The vessel is now steaming with one boiler in service and doing abt 12 knots. Reverting as soon as any news re boiler leakage is received from the vessel. Eta Lake Charles 8/6-01 0600 can still be kept. Best regards   <Sep> Subject :  LNG/C"HOEGH GALLEON"  -   BOILER LEAKAGE 
Email : Dan,  Please be advised that the steamleakage on port boiler is now repaired. The boiler will be pressure tested and closed at 1400lt today, 24th, and expected to be in service around 2200. The leakage was caused by a loose bar, which has hammered on one of the tubes in the waterwall by vibration. The vessel's eta Lake Charles will still be June 8th 0100. Best regards   <Sep> Subject :  LNG/C"HOEGH GALLEON" - STEAMLEAKAGE ON PORT BOILERD 
Email : Dear Sir's  Vessel H?egh Galleon eta Qalhat May 13th. 0900 hrs. local time. Brgds Oe. Hansen Master LNG/C "Hoegh galleon"  E-mail: master.gall@hoegh.no Teleph: Inmarsat tel.no.+873 330853910 Fax   : Inmarsat fax no.+873 330853913 Telex : Inmarsat B telex no.+583 330853915 Telex : Inmarsat C telex no.+583 430853910 (24hrs.watch)   <Sep> Subject :  ETA Notice. 
Email : POSREP HOEGH GALLEON, DATE: 24-May 12:00 10:00 (UTC) A) Position at noon: N 36 25 E 13 55 B) Dist. From last noon: 294 nm C) Dist. To go to next port: 946 nm D) ETA next port: ALGECIRAS 27 06:00 LT E) 1: Average sea/wind Sea: NW 3 Wind: NW 2     2: Average speed 11.76 kn RPM: 60.93     3: BOG consumed 137 m3     4: BOG Total 137 m3     5: F.O Consumed 22 m3     6: G.O. Consumed 0 m3     7: Average vapor press  Average liq. Temp: Tk1: 0.143 bar -158.3 ?C   <Sep> Subject :  POSREP MAY 24TH 
Email : Our move to Enron Center South is scheduled for August 3rd. In preparation of the move, please keep the following in mind. Our space will be limited so please start going through your files and giving Mauricio any files that can be sent to archives or scanned into Livelink. Once we move and unpack, no boxes can be left out in the open or under the desks. Everything must be unpacked and put away so to make it easier then, please gradually start cleaning up now. If you still have boxes you haven't unpacked from the last move, please go through them before this move. A day devoted to clean-up will be scheduled for some time in June. Chairs will be ordered for those who do not have standard chairs. Thanks in advance for your cooperation with this move. Please let me know if you have any questions. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Move to Enron Center South 
Email : POSREP HOEGH GALLEON, DATE: 25-May 12:00 10:00 (UTC) A) Position at noon: N 37 38 E 8 56 B) Dist. From last noon: 252 nm C) Dist. To go to next port: 694 nm D) ETA next port: ALGECIRAS 27 06:00 LT E) 1: Average sea/wind Sea: NW 4 Wind: NW 3     2: Average speed 10.5 kn RPM: 55.8     3: BOG consumed 96 m3     4: BOG Total 137 m3     5: F.O Consumed 19.28 m3     6: G.O. Consumed 0 m3     7: Average vapor press  Average liq. Temp: Tk1: 0.112 bar -158.24 ?C   <Sep> Subject :  POSREP 25 MAY 
Email : A few of you have been notified by accounting that you have been or will be removed from direct pay for American Express. For those who haven't, you will be taken off immediately, per Eric Gonzales. To see if you have already been removed from direct pay, please call Cheryl Slone (68347). If you have already been removed, you may need to pay the last American Express bill. Please let me know if you have any questions. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  American Express Direct Pay 
Email : POSREP HOEGH GALLEON, DATE: 26-May 12:00 10:00 (UTC) A) Position at noon: N 36 46 E 000 24 B) Dist. From last noon: 411 nm C) Dist. To go to next port: 283 nm D) ETA next port: ALGECIRAS 27 06:00 LT E) 1: Average sea/wind Sea: SW 3 Wind: SW 2     2: Average speed 17.13 kn RPM: 86.67     3: BOG  137 m3     5: F.O Consumed 33 m3     6: G.O. Consumed 0 m3     7: Average vapor press  Average liq. Temp: Tk1: 0.124 bar -158.13 ?C   <Sep> Subject :  POSREP 26 MAY 
Email : POSREP HOEGH GALLEON, DATE: 27-May 6:00 4:00 (UTC) A) Position at noon: N 36 05 W 5   18.4 B) Dist. From last noon: 278 nm C) Dist. To go to next port: 4885 nm D) ETA next port: LAKE CH. 08 06:00 LT E) 1: Average sea/wind Sea: S 5 Wind: S 5     2: Average speed 15.44 kn RPM: 78.23     3: BOG  137 m3     5: F.O Consumed 16 m3     6: G.O. Consumed 0 m3     7: Average vapor press  Average liq. Temp: Tk1: 0.140 bar -158.12 ?C   <Sep> Subject :  POSREP 27 MAY 
Email : Dan,  Sorry to inform you that we have some delay in Algeciras caused by late arrival of vital spare parts. We have had some problems with one of the feed water pumps lately. Needed spare parts for this type of feed water pump are difficult to get and the delivery time is very long. In order to solve this problem, we decided to buy a new pump(a more common type) and the pump was promised to be in Algeciras in due time before the vessel arrived. Unfortunately we learned this morning that the transporter has made some mistakes and the pump will not arrive Algeciras before tomorrow at 1100. As this pumps are so important for the boiler plant, we are hesitating to cross the Atlantic knowing that only one of two are working properly and therefore decided to delay the vessel until tomorrow. The vessel will depart as soon as the pump is onboard. If etd 28th 1500lt eta Lake Charles 8th 1200lt gives abt 18,5 knots. If same etd, eta Lake Charles 9th 0600lt gives abt 17,3 knots. Reverting,   Best regards   <Sep> Subject :  LNG/C"HOEGH GALLEON"  -  DELAY IN ALGECIRAS 
Email : Dear Sir;  Still at anchor in Algeciras, Spain - awaiting spares. ETD 28 1900LT      3: BOG  198 m3      5: F.O Consumed 14 m3     6: G.O. Consumed 0 m3     7: Average vapor press  Average liq. Temp: Tk1: 0.136 bar -158.19 ?C   <Sep> Subject :  POSREP 28 MAY 
Email : Dan,  Ref. is made to yr e-mail dated 29th re new eta Lake Charles. Have instructed the vessel to arrive Lake Charles June 8th between 1400 - 1500LT, taking all safety aspect into consideration. This means that the vessel's average speed have to be abt 18,7 knots. If we have some luck with the weather, we have a possibility to make it. Best regards   <Sep> Subject :  LNG/C"HOEGH GALLEON" -  NEW ETA LAKE CHARLES 
Email : Dan,  Ref. is made to yr e-mail dated 30th re adjusting ETA Lake Charles to the 9th at latest 0600LT. Please be advised that the vessel is instructed to arrive Lake Charles June 9th 0400lt accordingly. Best regards   <Sep> Subject :  LNG/C"HOEGH GALLEON" -   ETA LAKE CHARLES 
Email : Dan,  Please be advised that Capt. Knut Bentzr?d will relieve Capt. Oe.Hansen when the vessel is transit Suez Canal on May 7th 01. Have a nice week-end. Best regards   <Sep> Subject :  LNG/C"HOEGH GALLEON"  -  CHANGE OF MASTER 
Email : HOEGH GALLEON, DATE: 03-06-01 12:00 14:00 (UTC) A) Position at noon: N 26 44 W 053 25 B) Dist. From last noon: 468 nm C) Dist. To go to next port: 2363 nm D) ETA next port: LAKE CHARLES 9th 04hrs LT E) 1: Average sea/wind Sea: var 2 Wind: 1     2: Average speed 18.72 kn RPM: 92.08     3: BOG  229.9 m3     5: F.O Consumed 41 m3     6: G.O. Consumed 0 m3     7: Average vapor press  Average liq. Temp: Tk1: 0.126 bar -158.22 ?C   <Sep> Subject :  POSREP 3 JUNE 
Email : The price list for May was sent out on Friday June 1. Due to the Memorial Day Holiday, there were no prices reported for May 28. Please contact me if you have any questions regarding the price list. Thank you,   <Sep> Subject :  Price List Week of May 28-June 1, 2001 
Email : HOEGH GALLEON, DATE: 05-06-01 12:00 15:00 (UTC) A) Position at noon: N 23 24 W 069 20 B) Dist. From last noon: 438 nm C) Dist. To go to next port: 1476 nm D) ETA next port: LAKE CHARLES 9th 04hrs LT E) 1: Average sea/wind Sea: E 3 Wind: 3     2: Average speed 18.25 kn RPM: 88.38     3: BOG  194.6 m3     5: F.O Consumed 34 m3     6: G.O. Consumed 0 m3     7: Average vapor press  Average liq. Temp: Tk1: 0.122 bar -158.17 ?C   <Sep> Subject :  POSREP 5 JUNE 
Email : Dear Sirs; Misprints in former report now corrected. HOEGH GALLEON, DATE: 05-06-01 12:00 15:00 (UTC) A) Position at noon: N 23 24 W 069 20 B) Dist. From last noon: 438 nm C) Dist. To go to next port: 1476 nm D) ETA next port: LAKE CHARLES 09-Jun 04:00 LT E) 1: Av. wind/sea Wind: E 3 Sea: 3     2: Average speed 18.25 kn RPM: 88.38     3: BOG  194.6 m3     5: F.O Consumed 34 MT     6: G.O. Consumed 0 MT     7: Average vapor press  Average liq. Temp: Tk1: 0.122 bar -158.17 ?C   <Sep> Subject :  RESENDING OF POSREP JUNE 5 
Email : Wayne- I have run the economics on whether to heel out the cargo and attached the model below. The current NYMEX price for gas in January (which the best price we can get today) is $4.60. Today's cash price for prompt delivery is about $3.80-$3.90. The incentive is about $71,000 at the high end (Jan) and about break even at the low end (prompt). Even at the high end, there isn't much incentive when you take into account the extra day of cooling down you would need. I talked to Jonathan Whitehead about this and he agreed that it probably isn't worth doing on this trip. We will keep an eye on prices and look at locking something in for future trips if the price spikes. Otherwise we will revisit on a trip by trip basis. Dan   <Sep> Subject :  Heel out on "Hoegh Galleon" delivery June 9, 2001 
Email : Captain Bentzr?d-  Please leave a heel of LNG on board the vessel sufficient to reach the next loading in Qalhat on July 5 in load ready condition. Please estimate the volume you will require and revert, keeping in mind that we would like to unload as much as possible on June 9 at Lake Charles within the parameters outlined above. Thanks and regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Heel on discharge of June 9, 2001 
Email : POSREP HOEGH GALLEON, DATE: May 4th. 1200lt. A) Position at noon        : N 35 28 E 015 07 B) Dist. from last noon    : 459 n.miles C) Dist. to go to next port: 3369 n.miles (Qalhat) D) Eta next port           : May 13th. 0900lt. E) 1:Average sea/weather   : Wind:SSW 4 Sea:SSW 3    2:Average speed         : 19,13 knots / average RPM 93,97    3:B.O.G. consumed       : Nil    4:F.O. consumed         : 161 mt. 5:G.O. consumed         : Nil   Eta Port Said 6th. 1600 local time. Brgds Oe. Hansen Master LNG/C "Hoegh galleon"  E-mail: master.gall@hoegh.no Teleph: Inmarsat tel.no.+873 330853910 Fax   : Inmarsat fax no.+873 330853913 Telex : Inmarsat B telex no.+583 330853915 Telex : Inmarsat C telex no.+583 430853910 (24hrs.watch)   <Sep> Subject :  Daily pos. report May 4th. 
Email : Paul,  I was wondering if you are getting some LNG industry reports/analysis e.g. "LNG in World Markets" published by Poten & Partners. If yes, would it be convenient for you to arrange a copy of the same for DPC? As I write this mail, the DPC lenders meet is still going on in Singapore. All of us are anxiously waiting to know the outcome. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  LNG Industry Reports 
Email : Dan,  Ref. is made to our tel. and yr e-mail just received re above subj.. Please be advised that your people and your visitors are most welcome onboard Hoegh Galleon. We will appreciate very much if you could wait with the tour on the ship until the discharging is stable, as then our people have more time to you. Best regards   <Sep> Subject :  LNG/C"HOEGH GALLEON" -   VISITORS IN LAKE CHARLES 
Email : If you did not fill out a self evaluation during the PRC , please do so now ASAP. This was originally listed as optional but now I am told this needs to be done by all. I nee to work on this Friday so please complete ASAP  Wayne   <Sep> Subject :  PRC Self Evaluation 
Email : Dear Sir's  Confirm ETA Qalhat 13th. May 0900 local time. Brgds Oe. Hansen Master LNG/C "Hoegh galleon"  E-mail: master.gall@hoegh.no Teleph: Inmarsat tel.no.+873 330853910 Fax   : Inmarsat fax no.+873 330853913 Telex : Inmarsat B telex no.+583 330853915 Telex : Inmarsat C telex no.+583 430853910 (24hrs.watch)   <Sep> Subject :  ETA Notice. 
Email : Les/Gene,=09  With regard to determining the BTU's of Return Gas for custody transfer, I = am not aware of any facility that actually measures the flow of gas to the = ship. Such low pressure flow meters would not provide reliable readings. = Other companies, such as PERTAMINA's CIF Trade with Japan, account for retu= rn gas by measuring the volume of LNG offloaded from the ship, then calcula= ting the BTU's of the gas returned to the ship based upon measured temperat= ure and pressure on the ship at the end of ship unloading, and assuming a c= omposition equivalent to 100% methane. Actual return gas will be a compos= ition containing N2, C1, and C2, and probably have a GHV slightly less than=  100% methane, depending upon the amount of Nitrogen in the LNG in storage.=  Presently, SLNG does not have any sample points for boiloff gas, and no pl= ans for installing any. With regard to the FERC Tariff Calculation, the Return Gas is accounted for=  in what is termed, LAUF (losses and unaccounted for) gas, an amount determ= ined by differential storage volume. When comparing expected BG Return Gas=  vs Enron Return Gas, the volume of Return Gas should be directly proportio= nal to the volume of gas delivered, as pressure and temperatures at the end=  of unloading should be essentially equivalent (pressure must be sufficient=  to allow LNG from the manifolds to drain back into the tanks). Willful ope= rator intervention would likely have to take place to significantly increas= e the pressure and therefore the mass of the return gas. Therefore, it is r= ecommended that we not press for a special accounting for the Return Gas in=  the Definitive Agreement with El Paso. For accounting purposes, we should=  also track the Return Gas for Enron deliveries, just in case it does becom= e an issue. Should either EPME or BG push for specific Return Gas accounti= ng, we should not oppose, as it is easily calculated utilizing measured vol= ume, temperature, and pressure with an composition of assumed 100% methane. Regards   <Sep> Subject :  Return Gas 
Email : Dear Sir;  Due to boilerproblems we will have a delay. Speed is now 12-13 knots on one boiler. It is a bit early to say when the other boiler will be in operation, but hopefully this evening. I will keep you updated. HOEGH GALLEON, DATE:07-June-01 12:00 16:00 (UTC)  A) Position at noon: N 24? 01' W 082? 10' B) Dist. From last noon: 337 nm C) Dist. To go to next port: 712 nm D) ETA next port: LAKE CHARLES 09-Jun 09:00 LT E) 1: Av. wind/sea Wind: ESE 3 Sea: 3     2: Average speed 14.04 kn RPM: 69.56     3: BOG   186.2 m3     5: F.O Consumed  29 MT     6: G.O. Consumed 0 MT     7: Average vapor press  Average liq. Temp: Tk1: 0.128 bar -158.13 ?C   <Sep> Subject :  POSREP 7 JUNE 
Email : Here is another matrix of TW "Current Shipper" rates & surcharges. This one is not posted on the web. I don't know whether anyone needs/uses it, anymore, but I have been keeping it up. There is a new tab for each change in Current Shipper Rates. The latest is "200111"  Elizabeth - I forgot to send this to you this morning. Jeanette - I don't recall whether I sent this along with the other TW files.   <Sep> Subject :  FYI  11/2001 TW Rate Matrix - same rates, different format 
Email : Hi all,  Paula Lacour has requested that I change the format of the pricing spreadsheet for the following 3 products: Premium Unleaded 93 Waterborne, Unleaded 87 USGC Waterborne and LS No. 2 Fuel Oil Waterborne to dollars per gallon (ex. 61.500 to now read .61500). If there are no objections, this change will take place beginning Nov. 1st. If you do not agree with this change please let me know. Thank you,   <Sep> Subject :  Pricing Format Change 
Email : NGI's Daily Gas Price Index  published : October 29, 2001 ALJ Clears Transwestern of Market Power Charges  A FERC administrative law judge has found no improprieties, nor evidence of the exercise of market power in negotiated rate contracts between Transwestern Pipeline and two shippers on its system, which resulted in the shippers being charged as much as $27/MMBtu last February, far in excess of the pipeline's allowed transportation rate of 38 cents/MMBtu (RP97-288-009). ALJ Jacob Leventhal had only one fault to find, and that was with Transwestern's method of posting capacity. The judge said, and Transwestern agreed, to modify its tariff "so that all posting, bidding and award procedures are set forth in a separate provision with an appropriate caption" on its Internet bulletin board. Shippers had said that reviewing capacity on the Transwestern web site was "a tortuous process." Indicated Shippers claimed Transwestern's inadequate capacity posting and award procedures did not provide all interested parties with an opportunity to bid for the capacity that was available. While "both Indicated Shippers and (FERC) Staff find it curious that SET (Sempra Energy Trading) and Richardson (Products Co.) were the sole bidders on the contracts awarded to each of them...curiosity does not translate into proof," the judge said. Witnesses in the expedited hearing testified no bids were considered in advance of the capacity posting. The judge subsequently found the capacity was awarded in a manner consistent with Transwestern's tariff. Similarly, Levanthal could find no evidence that Transwestern exercised market power in negotiating the rates with shippers or withholding or threatening to withhold capacity. The capacity was available at recourse rates, and the shippers knew those rates were available. "Staff's arguments really are criticisms of the posting and award procedures, but do not demonstrate the exercise of market power." The two shippers said they made a business decision to propose the "index-to-index" formula that produced the higher rates, rather than take the recourse rate "to minimize any risk on transportation options." The index-to-index formula refers to taking the difference between the daily published commodity prices at two different points and subtracting to get the transportation rate between them. In this case the two points were the San Juan Basin and the SoCal Needles delivery point. The case was set for expedited hearing last summer by the commissioners acting on staff recommendations.   <Sep> Subject :  NGI Article on TW Ruling 
Email : POSREP HOEGH GALLEON, DATE:May 3rd. 1200lt. A) Position at noon        : N 37 24 E 006 14 B) Dist. from last noon    : 461 n. miles C) Dist. to go to next port: 3828 n. miles (Qalhat) D) Eta next port           : May 13th. 0900 local time E) 1:Average sea/weather   : Wind:SW 4 Sea:SW 3    2:Average speed         : 19,21 knots / average RPM 93,03    3:B.O.G. consumed       : Nil    4:F.O. consumed         : 154mt    5:G.O. consumed         : Nil  ETA Port Said May 6th. 1600 local time. Brgds Oe. Hansen Master LNG/C "Hoegh galleon"  E-mail: master.gall@hoegh.no Teleph: Inmarsat tel.no.+873 330853910 Fax   : Inmarsat fax no.+873 330853913 Telex : Inmarsat B telex no.+583 330853915 Telex : Inmarsat C telex no.+583 430853910 (24hrs.watch)   <Sep> Subject :  DAILY POS. REPORT MAY 3RD. 
Email : Hello Paul  Sorry it's taken me a while to get back to you but I have been out of the office on vacation for a week. I think you asked me to verify to whom and where we sent original shipping documents. |-----------------------------------------|   <Sep> Subject :  EcoElectrica - Shipping Documents 
Email : When: Monday, October 22, 2001 1:00 PM-2:00 PM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada). Where: 40c2 houston / Net Meeting Omaha  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*  Please attend a meeting to "Kickoff" the user acceptance testing phase of our Pipeline Profile Pricing View. Please let me know if you cannot attend. thank you, RAM   <Sep> Subject :  Canceled: Pipeline profile pricing view testing team 
Email : Transwestern's average deliveries to California were 1017 MMBtu/d (93%), with San Juan lateral throughput at 882 MMBtu/d. Total East deliveries averaged 510 MMBtu/d. El Paso's average deliveries to California were 1961 MMBtu/d (76%): - PG&ETop, capacity of 1140 MMBtu/d, deliveries of 643 MMBtu/d (56%) - SoCalEhr, capacity 1025 MMBtu/d, deliveries of 938 MMBtu/d (92%) - SoCalTop, capacity 413 MMBtu/d, deliveries of 380 MMBtu/d (92%)  Friday's posted Gas Daily prices:  SoCal gas, large pkgs   2.34 (+.03)  PG&E, large pkgs   2.35 (+.09)  TW San Juan    n/a      TW Permian    2.165 (-.025)  Enron Online bases:   Nov-Mar  Apr-Oct Perm-CA .15 (-.06)      .23 (even) SJ - CA .24 (-.04)           .41 (-.03) SJ-Waha .12 (+.02)         .22 (-.04)  Perm-Waha .03 (even)                  .04 (even)   <Sep> Subject :  California Capacity Report for Week of 10/15-10/19 
Email : Paul,  You would have been very proud of me if you had seen how quickly I was able to understand (from the graph Elio showed me) the nature of the proposed hedge for Procaribe's next cargo. How are we on locking up the cargo (ordering it) and putting the hedge in place? How do the curves look like right now? Going down? Also, Elio, how comfortable are you with Miguel's projected sales figures? What does it assume re: Humberto? Thanks   <Sep> Subject :  Procaribe hedge 
Email : CERA notified us yesterday of new procedures for accessing the CERA web site. If you have never registered for www.cera.com, please follow the procedures attached. Call me if you have any questions.   <Sep> Subject :  Changes in Registration for CERA Access 
Email : hi Paul,  my numbers never changed. if you tried to reach me during the last 30 min, bad luck, I was in a meeting. I will try to call you back. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  my numbers 
Email : Second CA Merchant Storage Field Pushes Back Opening  California's second merchant underground natural gas storage project near Sacramento began injecting supplies this month, but its commercial start-up date has been pushed back to Dec. 1, according to the California operations manager for Houston-based Western Hub Properties LLC, the developer. Although it is not fully subscribed more than half the capacity is under contract, according to Jim Fossum, the in-state manager for Western Hub, which was purchased last summer by a partnership of Aquila Inc and ArcLight Energy Partners Fund in a $220 million deal that is still several months away from approval from the California Public Utilities Commission. The Lodi Storage Project near the town of Lodi, CA, about 35 miles south of the state capital, will have "high-performance, quick-cycle-capabilities" in a project that stores 12 Bcf of natural gas with a 500 MMcf/d withdrawal rate and 400 MMcf/d injection rate. Fossum said Western Hub also is pursuing a second merchant storage project in the southern half of the state around Bakersfield in the Wheeler Ridge area close to the nexus of all the major interstate natural gas pipeline coming into California. That project, he said, is not included in the Aquila partnership purchase at this time, and will be developed initial by a still-to-be-named company using some of the same personnel that developed Lodi. The same group also has a potential storage site identified in Texas, near San Antonio.   <Sep> Subject :  Calif Lodi Storage Project Won't Start Up Now Until December 1 
Email : We hereby confirm our sale of Propane to ProCaribe as follows:  Seller:  Enron Liquid Fuels, Inc. Buyer:  ProCaribe Product/Quality: Fully Refrigerated HD-5 Propane Quantity: 8500 MT +/- 5 percent, Seller's option Price:  Mean average MB OPIS NTET Propane for 3 days around B/L plus 7 cpg Load Laycan: 22-24 October, 2001 Vessel:  Nelly Maersk or sub Terms:  CIF Tallaboa Laytime: 66 hrs Total - Including load and discharge ports Inspection: 50/50 Seller/Buyer at loadport  Full contract confirmation to follow. Best regards,   <Sep> Subject :  October Propane - 8500 MT via Nelly Maersk or sub 
Email : Maria Pavlou has graciously agreed to give the TW Commercial Group a brief review of the Global Settlement on Thursday, November 1 from 10 - 11:30 am in 49C2. Please mark your calendars if you are interested in attending. Lorraine   <Sep> Subject :  TW Global Settlement 
Email : I have added group 'MarketingDashboard' to your profile for JavaWebStart. Please allow 15 minutes for server replication. Then you will need to logoff/logon. If you have any problems, please feel free to give me a call. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  JavaWebStart follow up 
Email : PDVSA have come in with the following FOB indication. This does mean, however, that we must find our own vessel. I had a conversation with PDVSA regarding the FOB price which they are not inclined to lower at this moment. The FOB price isn't that bad considering alternative sources. quote  SUZANNE, WE HEREBY CONFIRM AVAILABILITY OF 8,500 MT OF HD5 EX-JOSE OCTOBER 22 - 24, 2001. AT THIS TIME WE DO NOT HAVE TONNAGE TO EXECUTE THE TRANSPORTATION. RESULTING TRANSACTION WOULD BE ON FOB BASIS. PRICE: MEAN MTB NTET C3 + 3 CPG. BL +/- 1 DAY. OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS AS PER LAST. GRATEFUL YOUR COMMENTS. GONZALO PARIS  unquote  There are not a lot of vessels out there at the moment. Geogas' vessel cannot make it until November. Maersk has a vessel and is willing to do the voyage on our dates for $.04 per gallon. The laytime is the only problem as they will only give us 66 hours (they started at $26/mt and 60 hrs). PDVSA should take no more than 24 hrs, which leaves 42 for discharge at ProCaribe. We have the vessel on subs until 9:00 am Houston time tomorrow. Please advise your comments. Best regards,   <Sep> Subject :  October Supply 
Email : Note:   Update on ammonia plant operations. Check out the economics in the last paragrph. LB Ammonia Industry Finally Approaches Full Production  Plummeting gas prices have prompted a large number of idled ammonia producers to restart operations this month, after lengthy downtime due to last winter's record gas price increases. Houston-based Industrialinfo.com, which tracks manufacturing, said most of the Gulf Coast and Midcontinent plants are at partial or full capacity. An ammonia industry expert at Duke Energy said there has been a 20% increase in ammonia production (222,000 tons of ammonia) since August, representing about 7.6 Bcf of gas demand (34 MMBtu per ton of ammonia). There was a doubling of ammonia productive capacity in Louisiana alone. "We think just about every plant in the U.S. is back on or in the process of coming back up right now," he said. "Obviously they are not going to be running full out, but every plant is coming back up." A year ago, ammonia producers were rocked by soaring natural gas prices, which reached $10/MMBtu, up from a historical average of $2. Combined with product overcapacity, the rising costs caused a wave of plant shutdowns across the country. Louisiana was particularly hard hit, with five out of eight ammonia plants idled during the summer. Arkansas, Georgia and Texas were among other ammonia producing states affected. The recent decline in gas prices and inventory, however, has sparked some ammonia producers into ramping up production. Triad Nitrogen and PCS Nitrogen both resumed full production in September at their respective plants in Donaldsonville and Geismar, LA, Industrial Information reported. Terra Industries restarted a Verdigris, OK, plant after an extended shutdown and is expected to bring its Blytheville, AK, plant online sometime this month. Koch Industries and IMC Agrico, with plants in Sterlington, Donaldsonville, Convent and Uncle Sam, LA, are now operating at partial capacity. Other ammonia manufacturers are waiting to see if natural gas prices remain stable before resuming production. DuPont in Beaumont, TX, Borden Chemical in Geismar, LA, and PCS in Augusta, GA, remain idled. "It looks as if these guys are going to make money running their plants all winter," the Duke Energy ammonia industry expert said. "They are making less and less money as gas prices rise and ammonia prices fall. I see them at the closest to break-even by February where gas is averaging about $2.85. "Last year the domestic producer margin was only about $3/ton," he said. "They pretty much broke even in terms of gas costs on average. This year they are probably going to make $20-25/ton of production. At $2.80/MMBtu for gas and 34 MMBtu of gas per ton of production, plus $25/ton of additional costs, it will cost them about $120/ton for ammonia production. In New Orleans they will probably cover that for most of the season."   <Sep> Subject :  Ammonia Industry Plant Update 
Email : Dear Sir's. Confirm vessel's ETA Calhat 13th. May 0900 lt.  Brgds Oe. Hansen Master  E-mail: master.gall@hoegh.no Teleph: Inmarsat tel.no.+874 330853910 Fax   : Inmarsat fax no.+874 330853913 Telex : Inmarsat B telex no.+584 330853915 Telex : Inmarsat C telex no.+584 430853910 (24hrs.watch)   <Sep> Subject :  ETA NOTICE. 
Email : Please be informed, Kim has scheduled an update meeting on tomorrow, Tuesday, October 9, 1:30 - 2:30p in EB-1336. Please mark your calendars accordingly. adr   <Sep> Subject :  Updating Kim 
Email : Per conversations with PDVSA (Gonzalo Paris) on Friday and again this morning, PDVSA cannot confirm the availability of an October cargo until this afternoon. And while I am relatively certain we can get this cargo from PDVSA, I have asked Bo to look around and see what is available from other sources just in case PDVSA is unable to supply. I am expecting to hear from them no later than 2:00 pm Houston time and will keep you advised. Best regards,   <Sep> Subject :  October Propane ex PDVSA 
Email : Effective today, Northern Border is lifting a firm-only restriction on its 42-inch Monchy/Port of Morgan to Ventura segment. The constraint had been implemented Wednesday due to compressor station outages upstream of Ventura. El Paso Field Services has scheduled its annual maintenance shutdown of the Waha Plant for Oct. 7-12. Fourteen gathering systems will be shut in. Capacity of the San Juan Crossover will remain restricted to 570 MMcf/d until repairs are completed on an air leak in the Lincoln Station's turbine, El Paso said.   <Sep> Subject :  FYI - El Paso Outages Notes 
Email : Transwestern's average deliveries to California were 1071 MMBtu/d (98%), with San Juan lateral throughput at 867 MMBtu/d. Total East deliveries averaged 339 MMBtu/d. El Paso's average deliveries to California were 2178 MMBtu/d (76%): - PG&ETop, capacity of 1140 MMBtu/d, deliveries of 726 MMBtu/d (64%) - SoCalEhr, capacity 1216 MMBtu/d, deliveries of 1039 MMBtu/d (85%) - SoCalTop, capacity 528 MMBtu/d, deliveries of 413 MMBtu/d (78%)  Friday's posted Gas Daily prices:  SoCal gas, large pkgs   2.125 (+.33)  PG&E, large pkgs   2.03 (+.335)  TW San Juan    n/a    TW Permian    1.97 (+.335)  Enron Online bases:   Nov-Mar  Apr-Oct Perm-CA .16 (-.025)      .20 (-.04) SJ - CA .24 (-.03)           .43 (-.055) SJ-Waha .11 (-.01)         .27 (-.01)  Perm-Waha .03 (-.005)                  .04 (-.005)   <Sep> Subject :  California Capacity Report for Week of 10/1-10/5 
Email : Northwest Natural In Talks With Enron Over Portland Utility=20 By Wall Street Journal staff reporters Robin Sidel, Rebecca Smith and Nikhi= l Deogun 10/05/2001   The Wall Street Journal B2 (Copyright (c) 2001, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.)= =20 Enron Corp. is in advanced discussions to sell its Portland General Electri= c utility unit to Northwest Natural Gas Co. for about $1.8 billion in cash = and stock in a highly leveraged transaction that would eventually give Enro= n a minority stake in Northwest, according to people familiar with the matt= er.=20 The discussions are at a very delicate stage, and some important points nee= d to be finalized, these people caution. The current environment could also=  make financing such a transaction quite difficult, and board approval isn'= t a certainty. However, should the two sides agree to terms, a deal could b= e announced in the next few days. Northwest Natural is also expected to ass= ume roughly $1 billion in debt.=20 Enron and Northwest Natural declined to comment. If a transaction is consu= mmated, it would come nearly six months after the collapse of Enron's agree= ment to sell the utility to Sierra Pacific Resources. That transaction fell=  apart in part because of the California energy crisis. A purchase of Port= land General would be a very big bite for Northwest Natural, which has a ma= rket capitalization of just $650 million and supplies natural gas to more t= han 500,000 residential and business customers in Oregon and Vancouver, Was= h. Portland General is an electric utility serving more than 1.4 million cu= stomers in Oregon. The deal would bring together two Oregon utilities whos= e executives and employees know each other well. Richard G. Reiten, Northwe= st's chairman and chief executive, was president and chief operating office= r of Portland General between 1989 and 1996, and also served on its board. =  By buying a utility, Northwest would hope to have more bargaining power in=  its gas purchases, enabling it to buy more product and store it when price= s are cheap. A deal would be accretive to Northwest's earnings, people fami= liar with the matter say. And the financial risk for Northwest Natural is s= omewhat muted because Enron is helping to facilitate and finance the transa= ction by agreeing to take common stock and convertible preferred stock in N= orthwest Natural in addition to cash. Northwest Natural would finance the t= ransaction with debt and equity offerings. Shares of Northwest Natural wer= e trading up $1.04 at $25.99 in 4 p.m. composite trading on the New York St= ock Exchange, while Enron stock was down 39 cents a share at $33.10. For E= nron, a deal with Northwest Natural would be the latest twist in a five-yea= r ordeal that was supposed to help the nation's biggest energy trader break=  into California's deregulating electricity market. But the utility busines= s proved less valuable than anticipated when Enron was prevented from selli= ng off utility contracts that enabled it to buy electricity cheaply. And Ca= lifornia's market developed serious problems last year that made it a less = attractive place for Enron to do business. Enron, which also owns a major = gas-transmission pipeline system, has a history of buying assets and busine= sses, learning what it can from them, and then selling off the bulk of phys= ical assets so it can reinvest capital elsewhere. It isn't clear where Enr= on will put the capital to work that it garners from the sale. Its broadban= d telecommunications business is in the doldrums and it recently said it wo= uld invest $250 million in it this year, down from a formerly projected $75= 0 million. =09 =09 =09 =09   <Sep> Subject :  WSJ Article on Enron/Portland General Sale to Northwest Natural 
Email : In order to bring better legal coordination and standardization to Enron's Risk Assessment and Control (RAC) group, we have formed a new legal group, which will initially include Lisa Mellencamp (Finance), Marcus Nettelton (Power Trading), Carol St. Clair (Broadband/Power Trading), Mary Cook (Financial Swaps), Peter Keohane (Canada), Ed Essandoh (Retail), Paul Darmitzel (Retail) and Elizabeth Sager (Power Trading) (Team Leader). This group will focus on, among other things, managing Enron's exposures with bankrupt counterparties, working out credit solutions with distressed counterparties and standardizing our overall credit practices. The initial members in this group have been drawn from Enron's numerous legal groups in order to gain a broader perspective. Each of these members will provide support to this new group in addition to their current responsibilities. Within RAC, Michael Tribolet will focus on distressed counterparties, in conjunction with Bill Bradford, who continues to manage the Credit Risk Management group. Please join us in supporting the efforts of this new group.   <Sep> Subject :  New Legal Team to Assist RAC 
Email : As an Enron employee who is a member of the United Way Young Leaders, please join other young leaders throughout Houston for a celebration on October 10. The attached invitation provides all the details. With Enron having the second largest campaign in Houston raising a total of $6 million dollars with the corporate match, it would be great if we could have Enron represented in a big way. The RSVP deadline has been extended to Monday, October 8, so if you pland to attend, please send a response to youngleaders@uwtgc.org or call 713/685-2306. Thank you and we look forward to seeing you there.   <Sep> Subject :  United Way Young Leaders 
Email : Paul, in comparing freight rates for Med vs Caribs and Caribs vs Caribs (cargo size), I do see Bo's point. For smaller lot sizes (8,600 - 11,800 MT), the rates are abt. :  $50 - $60 W. Africa to Med and    $60 - $80 W. Africa to Caribs  however,  the larger cargoes (20,000 - 30,000 MT) curently moving are as follows:  $30 - $40 W. Africa to Med and  $40 - $60 W. Africa to Caribs  So, in comparison to the Med, the additional freight incurred on moving a 8,600 MT cargo to  Puerto Rico vs a 20,000 MT cargo to the Med is $40.00, or for an 11,800 MT cargo $20.00. Granted, these are not negotiated numbers, so they could be slightly better. Let me know your thoughts. Just keep in mind that PDVSA is there to supply an October cargo at +7. I would hesitate to purchase from an alternative source lest they back off on other negotiations. Best regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Freight Rates - West Africa - Med / Caribs 
Email : POSREP HOEGH GALLEON, DATE: May 2nd. 1200lt. A) Position at noon        : N 36 13  W 003 15 B) Dist. from last noon    : 96 n. miles (6 hrs. only) C) Dist. to go to next port: 4289 n. miles D) Eta next port           : Port Said 6th. 1600lt. E) 1:Average sea/weather   : Wind: W 5 Sea: W 4    2:Average speed         : 16,00 knots / average RPM 70,6    3:B.O.G. consumed       : Nil    4:F.O. consumed         : 37    5:G.O. consumed         : Nil  Pls. note that different in remaining dist. from pos. report 30th. April and today's report be due to sailed distance after voyage interrupted and until voyage continued. (37,5 n. miles)   Brgds Oe. Hansen Master  E-mail: master.gall@hoegh.no Teleph: Inmarsat tel.no.+874 330853910 Fax   : Inmarsat fax no.+874 330853913 Telex : Inmarsat B telex no.+584 330853915 Telex : Inmarsat C telex no.+584 430853910 (24hrs.watch)   <Sep> Subject :  Daily pos. report. 
Email : When: Thursday, October 11, 2001 11:30 AM-5:00 PM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada). Where: EB 564  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*  Caminus Zai*net Risk Management Training  Non-commercial (optional attendees) may not have hands-on oppurtunity, depending on number of participants. However, it may still provide you with a better understanding of the system and the risks being mitigated.   <Sep> Subject :  Caminus Zai*net Risk Management Training 
Email : Dear Sir's  Vessel sailed from Algeciras 2nd. 0600lt (0400utc) Eta Port Said 6th. 1600hrs. lt. Statement of fact - Algeciras. 30th. Apr. 0542lt: Voyage interrupted. ROB Fo 2893mt. Go 153mt. 0730lt: Drop anchor OPL Algeciras. 0750lt: Well anchored, FWE. 0858lt: Bunkerbarge "V.B.Veronica" alongside. 0954lt: Bunkerbarge, all fast. 1036lt: Bunkerhose connected. 1130lt: Commence bunkering HFO. 1806lt: Compl. bunkering, rec. 2300mt. 1835lt: Bunker hose off. 1930lt: Bunkerbarge off. 02nd. May  0420lt: Engine tested. 0423lt: Commence heaving on anchor. 0435lt: Anchor aweight. 0600lt: Cont. sea voyage. ROB Fo 5173mt. Go 128mt. Brgds Oe. Hansen Master  E-mail: master.gall@hoegh.no Teleph: Inmarsat tel.no.+874 330853910 Fax   : Inmarsat fax no.+874 330853913 Telex : Inmarsat B telex no.+584 330853915 Telex : Inmarsat C telex no.+584 430853910 (24hrs.watch)   <Sep> Subject :  DEPARTURE MSG. 
Email : NOTE:  Reliant (Req# 42129/K# 108354) is a NEGOTIATED RATE agreement... PROCESSING  TW/26819=09Reliant=0910/1/01 only=09=0910,000/d=09RP to Cen/Pan/Ward=09=09V= OID- No Capacity? ?41983/=09=09Anadarko=093/1/02-2/28/03=0919,375/d=09Variou= s RP's to MidCon =09Capacity Hold? ?42192/108378  Aquila =0911/01-3/02=09=09= 20,000/d=09NNG Oasis Waha to Demarc=09Routing 9/28??TENDERED? ?TW/24198=09Ri= chardson=0910/1-10/31/01=09=0935,714/d=09DP add Chaves=09=09EXECUTED  TW/25071=09BP Energy=0910/1/01 - term=0990,000/d=09RP to Bloomfld & La Plat= a=09EXECUTED? ?TW/25374=09Oneok=09=0910/1-10/31/01=09=0913,000/d=09Panhandle=  to NNG Beaver=09EXECUTED? ?TW/26758=09Duke Energy=0910/1/01 - term=0940,000= /d=09RP W Tex/Cen Pool/Panhdle=09EXECUTED  TW/26819=09Reliant=0910/1/01 - term=0910,000/d=09RP to Cen Pool & Panhdle= =09EXECUTED? ?TW/27340=09Oneok=09=0910/1/01 - term=0920,000/d=09RP Volumes= =09=09=09EXECUTED  TW/27340=09Oneok=09=0910/01-10/31/01=0920,000/d=09RP to W Tex & Cen Pool=09= EXECUTED? ?TW/27342=09Sempra=09=091/02-12/02=09=0930,000/d=09Ignacio to Blan= co=09=09EXECUTED? ?TW/27420=09WTG Gas Mtkg=0910/01-11/30/01=091,480/d=09Panh= andle to WTG Winkler=09EXECUTED? ?TW/27496=09Reliant=0910/01-10/31/01=0930,0= 00/d  =09S Juan to Bloomfld=09=09EXECUTED? ?TW/27708=09Duke=09=0910/01-10/31= /01=0910,000/d=09Bloomfld to Topock-LFT=09EXECUTED? ?TW/27714=09PPL Energy= =0910/01-10/31/01=0920,000/d=09Griffith to Topock=09=09EXECUTED?-----------=   <Sep> Subject :  October 1st Contract Status (as of September 28th @ 5 pm  - FINAL) 
Email : The purpose of this email is to remind you of your stationary orders from last week. We have yet to receive approval for part or all of your respective orders. Please approve and fax your proofs back to 713-646-2507 so we may expedite your order. If you need a proof, please reply to this message with a valid fax number. Thank you for your time. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  Oustanding Stationary Orders 
Email : Transwestern's average deliveries to California were 917 MMBtu/d (84%), with San Juan lateral throughput at 854 MMBtu/d. Total East deliveries averaged 485 MMBtu/d. El Paso's average deliveries to California were 2020 MMBtu/d (69%): - PG&ETop, capacity of 1140 MMBtu/d, deliveries of 627 MMBtu/d (55%) - SoCalEhr, capacity 1250 MMBtu/d, deliveries of 939 MMBtu/d (75%) - SoCalTop, capacity 541 MMBtu/d, deliveries of 454 MMBtu/d (84%)  Friday's posted Gas Daily prices:  SoCal gas, large pkgs   1.795 (-.145)  PG&E, large pkgs   1.695 (-.31)  TW San Juan    1.37 (-.145)   TW Permian    1.635 (-.22)  Enron Online bases:   Nov-Mar  Apr-Oct Perm-CA .185 (+.015)      .24 (-.02) SJ - CA .27 (+.01)           .485 (-.055) SJ-Waha .12 (+.01)         .28 (+.01)  Perm-Waha .035 (+.015)                  .035 (+.005)   <Sep> Subject :  California Capacity Report for Week of 9/17-9/21 
Email : Miguel,  As we analyze what and how to deal with your next cargo requirements, we need the following information:  - Current levels of inventory at Procaribe, broken down between your own and Eco's product - projected as of end of September (please provide basis; i.e., levels of as of the actual date that you provide data plus your projections through end of the month on withdrawals/uses) - Projected sales volumes for the months of  October, November, December and January of next year, including (and this is very critical!) the basis for your projections. I am going to be interested in looking at your assumptions for both Progasco (now Tropigas) and Empire volumes, if any. - Please ensure that your San Juan Gas volumes have been signed off by Federico. We need this data as soon as you can so that we can begin to look at cargo options and/or evaluate the decision to borrow from Eco. Thanks and Regards, Mariella  Paul,  Believe it or not (yes, call me crazy! ), I went home last night and continued to study the examples of hedging you were so kind to walk us through and arrived at the following conclusions, which I would like for you to correct me on and/or confirm my thought process. - First, given the added uncertainty of Procaribe's volumes (sales) now that Progasco is owned by someone else, unless Miguel can guarantee (through some form of written agreement) that he will have Progasco's volumes, I think we should be more open to or more inclined to borrow Eco's volumes (clearly, we wouldn't do so if the curve looks awful - then it becomes an issue of cash flow vs. product pricing optimization). - Second, it seems to me that you wouldn't me too inclined to try to fix the cost of your product bought from, say, PDVSA, unless you are very concerned about an increasing curve (right around the 3 days surrounding the bill of lading) that will not necessarily stay long enough to keep your "sales" curve up to guarantee a margin. In fact, you would likely wait and continue to watch the curve and either not act at all or act shortly before the bill of lading dates. Now, in your May hedging example, if you actually compare the hedged vs. non-hedged results, it tells you that you were better off with a no hedge on the earlier months (month for which data on the revenue side was known and most of the curve deciding your price to PDVSA was also known). Then, my question is: why did we decide to hedge that volume when the hedge was put in place on 5/9, only a week or so before the actual bill of lading date? Do you remember what was concerning us? - Third, it seems to me that, on the May hedge, (the second part of the volume) someone lost big time - I could be wrong, but what I'm looking at is the fix we got (Suzanne got) in return for the floating; the fix rate was much higher than the actual MBv figures for the months of June and July (this assumes of course the Enron didn't turn around and laid off that risk on someone else). What I am trying to say is that, there appears to have been something going on with the curve on or around 5/21 that changed dramatically once actual figures were recorded. Do you remember? - Fourth, it seems to me that your swaps were being built around a primary objective (beyond risk protection): to deliver approximately 5 cents per gallon margin to Miguel. Anytime we have that opportunity, we should grab it. That's all for now - - I'll keep studying this ... What I am trying to do is draw some conclusions as to the circumstances under which we will want to swap the purchase cost (it's clear to me that, most of the times, once you know what your cost is, you will try to lock in your margin by doing a swap using your revenue stream; i.e., the Mbv basis). Thanks again for all your time and patience.   <Sep> Subject :  Procaribe's next cargo 
Email : I have updated the TW on call schedule to include Mark and Paul. Please let me know if anyone has a conflict. (I left the holiday weekends as they were.) Lorraine   <Sep> Subject :  On Call Schedule 
Email : Friend:  A touching original poem below. Also I ask you to visit the website "www.marvelicious.com/911.html" for some heart-rendering music, poems & comments and pictures. God bless. Best regards from Tushar Dhruv ext. 3-5336. REPUBLICAN DEMOCRAT WHITE BLACK LATINO ASIAN MAN WOMAN OLD YOUNG BAPTIST CHRISTIAN JEW MUSLIM WE, THE PEOPLE   (Courtesy of GenieRich) ~~Two Thousand One, Nine Eleven~~  Two thousand one, nine eleven Five thousand plus arrive in heaven As they pass through the gate, Thousands more appear in wait  A bearded man with stovepipe hat Steps forward saying, "Lets sit, lets chat"  They settle down in seats of clouds A man named Martin shouts out proud "I have a dream!" and once he did The Newcomer said, "Your dream still lives." Groups of soldiers in blue and gray Others in khaki, and green then say "We're from Bull Run, Yorktown, the Maine" The Newcomer said, "You died not in vain." From a man on sticks one could hear "The only thing we have to fear. The Newcomer said, "We know the rest, trust us sir, we've passed that test." "Courage doesn't hide in caves You can't bury freedom, in a grave," The Newcomers had heard this voice before A distinct Yankees twang from Hyannisport shores  A silence fell within the mist Somehow the Newcomer knew that this Meant time had come for her to say What was in the hearts of the five thousand plus that day  "Back on Earth, we wrote reports, Watched our children play in sports Worked our gardens, sang our songs Went to church and clipped coupons  We smiled, we laughed, we cried, we fought Unlike you, great we're not"  The tall man in the stovepipe hat Stood and said, "don't talk like that! Look at your country, look and see You died for freedom, just like me"  Then, before them all appeared a scene Of rubbled streets and twisted beams Death, destruction, smoke and dust And people working just 'cause they must  Hauling ash, lifting stones, Knee deep in hell But not alone  "Look! Blackman, Whiteman, Brownman, Yellowman Side by side helping their fellow man!" So said Martin, as he watched the scene "Even from nightmares, can be born a dream." Down below three firemen raised The colors high into ashen haze The soldiers above had seen it before On Iwo Jima back in '44  The man on sticks studied everything closely Then shared his perceptions on what he saw mostly "I see pain, I see tears, I see sorrow - but I don't see fear." "You left behind husbands and wives Daughters and sons and so many lives are suffering now because of this wrong But look very closely. You're not really gone. All of those people, even those who've never met you All of their lives, they'll never forget you Don't you see what has happened? Don't you see what you've done? You've brought them together, together as one. With that the man in the stovepipe hat said "Take my hand," and from there he led five thousand plus heroes, Newcomers to heaven On this day, two thousand one, nine one eleven  AN ORIGINAL POEM AUTHOR UNKNOWN   <Sep> Subject :  An Original Poem 
Email : Juantongia, per our conversation on this morning, you were unable to move Paul Y'Barbo's old extension over from the 3AC to the Enron building. Because of this, we request you delete the old extension (x55855). Paul will keep the new extension (x54173). Thanks in advance for your patience and assistance. Paul will leave a voicemail on the old extension (55855) informing callers of his new extension. We are aware that this recording will remain for one month and will be deleted afterwards. adr   <Sep> Subject :  Phone Request 
Email : Welcome to the Newsletter for Users of the Brown Edition of MarketBrowser! The Brown Edition of MarketBrowser has been designed to be the perfect companion to Brown & Co., enabling you to research and monitor stocks and funds with unprecedented ease and convenience. In our effort to help you make the most out of your Brown MarketBrowser we will be offering useful tips and techniques in our newsletters. In this first issue:   Window management One-Click Access MarketBar View   <Sep> Subject :  MarketBrowser Newsletter for Brown Users 
Email : A couple of fyi items:  SoCal's balance was 151,133 mmbtus at 8/31/01. Their balance is 300,521 mmbtus at 9/23/01. We have received 33,130 mmbtus in payback from Williams through the 23rd which has decreased their balance to 242,260 mmbtus. PG&E Topock's balance is 69,727 mmbtus due TW as of 9/23/01. The index has decrease by about eighty cents during September which will cause a loss on volumetric oba's.   <Sep> Subject :  TW imbal summaries 
Email : Greg,   Attached is the language that Dan Masters, Gene Massey, and I have come up with that could be included in the SPA that you are currently negotiating. All of the details would be hammered out in the proposed fuel supply contracts mentioned in the attached document. Those LNG and LPG supply contracts will be lengthy documents. I would expect them to be 30 to 60 pages in length.   <Sep> Subject :  Future Fuel Sales to EcoElectrica by Enron 
Email : For those of you that do not know, Eco should have been receiving credit for volumes of vapor returned to Cabot's vessels during unloading. I have recalculated the sheet sent earlier using the formula that CMS uses at its LNG unloading facility in Lake Charles. This yields a slightly better result than we had. I have also put in the correct dollar figures, as the prior sheet used the 2001 standard commodity charge only as opposed to the 2000 commodity charge and the Winter Cargo charge for the corresponding shipments. I plan on calling Cabot today to start the process of getting a credit for the return vapors on these shipments. Cabot will probably resist giving us the credit until we straighten out the sampling process at Eco, as they will be wanting credit for the proper amounts unloaded (we have been using load quality analysis for custody transfer due to problems with Eco's sampling system). I will work with Cabot to get the credit as soon as possible. After we get them to agree to the formula to use, we will give it to the independent inspector so that they can calculate it on future cargoes. Dan   <Sep> Subject :  Vapor return on unloading at Eco 
Email : PRC TIME IS HERE!! There has been a very significant and positive change in the PRC Process! Your employee profile will now be viewed during PRC Meetings where you are represented. Therefore, it is very important that you update your information in the eHRonline system before May 25, 2001. Instructions on updating info. in eHRonline:  To get into the eHRonline system pull up the Enron Home Page and click on eHRonline.enron.com. Your user name is your P# (i.e. P########) and your pass word is your designated eHRonline pass word (if you don't know this call 5-4727). Once in eHRonline click on Profile Information and update the areas that are incorrect. If you have questions please call me @ 3-6019. Please forward this message to anyone who was not included in the distribution.   <Sep> Subject :  eHRonline profile 
Email : During a recent review of Enron's High-rise Fire Evacuation Plan, the City of Houston Fire Department noted that several of our floors did not have the required number of trained Fire Wardens. I need your help. If you are a full-time Enron employee, please consider being a Fire Warden for your floor. Newly designated Fire Wardens must complete a two-hour certification training sponsored by the Fire Marshall's Office on Thursday, Nov. 15. Please contact Monica Rodriquez (x35393) or Harry Grubbs (x35417) to participate as an Enron Fire Warden. Thank you for your commitment to safety in our workplace. Stan   Fire Wardens are needed on the following floors:   Building Floor Number of Wardens Needed  Three Allen Center 3 2  Three Allen Center 9 1  Three Allen Center 17 2  Three Allen Center 19 2  Three Allen Center 21 2  Three Allen Center 33 3  Enron Center North 2 4  Enron Center North 8 1  Enron Center North 9 2  Enron Center North 13 2  Enron Center North 14 1  Enron Center North 24 1  Enron Center North 32 4  Enron Center North 43 2  Enron Center North 45 2  Enron Center North  46 4  Enron Center North 50 1  Enron Center North  50-M 4  Enron Center North B-2 3   <Sep> Subject :  Enron Fire Wardens Needed 
Email : Hi Paul,   Attached is your confirmation for the Sempra Customer Appreciation meeting in Las Vegas. I have also mailed a hard copy with brochures for the hotel, golf course, and spa. Thanks, Shannon   <Sep> Subject :  Las Vegas - Confirmation 
Email : Transwestern's average deliveries to California were 908 MMBtu/d (83%), with San Juan lateral throughput at 867 MMBtu/d. Total East deliveries averaged 536 MMBtu/d. El Paso's average deliveries to California were 2103 MMBtu/d (72%): - PG&ETop, capacity of 1140 MMBtu/d, deliveries of 723 MMBtu/d (63%) - SoCalEhr, capacity 1250 MMBtu/d, deliveries of 945 MMBtu/d (76%) - SoCalTop, capacity 543 MMBtu/d, deliveries of 435 MMBtu/d (80%)  Friday's posted Gas Daily prices:  SoCal gas, large pkgs   2.955 (-.075)  PG&E, large pkgs   2.855 (-.165)  TW San Juan    n/a      TW Permian    2.78 (-.08)  Enron Online bases:   Dec-Mar  Apr-Oct Perm-CA .14 (-.03)      .28 (+.02) SJ - CA .26 (-.01)           .49 (+.05) SJ-Waha .16 (+.02)         .25 (+.03)  Perm-Waha .04 (even)                  .05 (+.01)   <Sep> Subject :  California Capacity Report for Week of 10/29-11/2 
Email : TK and Paul,  Attached is our offer to renew our expiring transportation space on TW. Please call if you have any questions. Susan     <<TWOffer.doc>>    PG&E National Energy Group and any other company referenced herein that uses the PG&E name or logo are not the same company as Pacific Gas and Electric Company, the regulated California utility. Neither PG&E National Energy Group nor these other referenced companies are regulated by the California Public Utilities Commission. Customers of Pacific Gas and Electric Company do not have to buy products from these companies in order to continue to receive quality regulated services from the utility.   <Sep> Subject :  November 2, 2001 
Email : Hi there! I got your message on your marriage! CONGRATULATIONS! I'm so happy for you. Can you meet for lunch today? Let me know. Wed and Thurs are not good for me and I'm out on Friday. So if today is not good maybe sometime next week. Talk to you later.   <Sep> Subject :  Hi! 
Email : Hello Paul,  My name is Joelene Whittaker and I am a recruiter with STM Associates. DTE Energy, www.dtecs.com/sitemap.html, has retained us to assist them in placing two Director of Sales for Eastern and Western Regions. The Eastern position will be located in Ann Arbor, Michigan and the Western position in Denver, Colorado. Both Director of Sales will report to the Vice President of Sales. Qualifications of this position include a minimum of 5 years of sales experience and an additional minimum of 2 years experience with a trading company is preferred. The successful candidate will have a strong understanding of U.S. Coal, Transportation and Electric Utility industries, including coal tolling, marketing and origination functions used in support of coal trading operations. Solid experience in finding ways to capitalize on opportunities in the coal and transportation business is a must. A background which includes Senior-level contract negotiations is required. We are asking for recommendations from coal trading executives within the energy  industry. Would you take a moment to consider colleagues whose experience fits DTE's profile and who you would deem as a high caliber candidate for the position. I appreciate any help you may provide and look forward to hearing from you. I can be reached at (801)531-6500 or via e-mail jwhittaker@stmassociates.com. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  STM - Sales Director Referrals 
Email : Kim would like the Marketing Team to meeting with Steve to discuss the above mentioned topic, Friday morning, November 16, 9:00 a.m., ECN-1336. Please mark your calendars accordingly. adr   <Sep> Subject :  Capacity Available - Team Discussion 
Email : Dear MarketBrowser User:  If you like MarketBrowser, you'll love MarketBrowser  Pro! Leading Market Technologies is pleased to offer you a 14-day no-obligation free trial of MarketBrowser Pro. You already know that MarketBrowser gives you unprecedented convenience to monitor your investments. Step up to the next level of features and functionality --   <Sep> Subject :  Your MarketBrowser License 
Email : Hello Paul - per our conversation yesterday, we are trying to schedule a meeting with Oil Tanking to discuss ProCaribe and their potential interest in it. We have set Tuesday of next week (12-3 pm) at their offices. Please let me know if that still works for your schedule. Thanks, Brian   <Sep> Subject :  ProCaribe 
Email : Lorraine and Paul:   Greetings. Our first invoice under our new firm transportation agreement is incorrect. I have asked our accounting people to call Laura Giambrone to discuss but wanted to bring this to your attention in case she needs your assistance to understand the terms of our deal. The invoice includes a "reservation" charge equal to the October MDQ times the number of days in the month times the discount rate, which is correct (35,000 x 31 x $0.08 = $86,800). However, the invoice also includes a "commodity" charge of $3,945.47. I believe it is just a matter of setting it up correctly in the computer because the invoices we received under our old contract also included a "reservation" charge and a "commodity" charge, but the two together equaled the negotiated rate. I would appreciate any help you could provide to get this set up correctly and our October invoice corrected. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Oct. Invoice 
Email : When: Friday, November 09, 2001 1:30 PM-2:30 PM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada). Where: 4052  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*  Note: This presentation will be repeated on Monday 11/12/2001 from 10:30 - 11:30 am. You will receive that appointment also. Please accept the time that best fits your schedule. If you have any questions or need to schedule another time please give me a call. Bobby Mason   <Sep> Subject :  Pipeline Profile, Dashboard Alerts Testing Presentation 
Email : When: Monday, November 12, 2001 10:30 AM-11:30 AM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada). Where: 4048  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*  Note: You should have received an invitation to this presentation for Friday 11/09/2001 from 1:30 - 2:30 pm in room 4052. Please accept the time that best fits your schedule. If you have any questions or need to schedule another time please give me a call. Bobby Mason   <Sep> Subject :  Pipeline Profile, Dashboard Alerts Testing Presentation 
Email : When: Tuesday, November 13, 2001 1:00 PM-2:00 PM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada). Where: 4048  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*  Note: This presentation will be repeated on Monday 11/12/2001 from 10:30 - 11:30 am. You will receive that appointment also. Please accept the time that best fits your schedule. If you have any questions or need to schedule another time please give me a call. Bobby Mason   <Sep> Subject :  Updated: Pipeline Profile, Dashboard Alerts Testing Presentation 
Email : In its preliminary notice of November maintenance, El Paso had scheduled Lines 1300 and 1301 on the San Juan Crossover for total shutdown Nov. 29-30. It said Wednesday the shutdown has been delayed to coincide with the Dec. 1-2 weekend, when all 650 MMcf/d of the crossover's capacity will be cut to zero. Portions of Line 1300 will be shutting down Dec. 11-12 and Dec. 18-19; capacity cuts then will be 60 MMcf/d.   <Sep> Subject :  El Paso Maintenance on Lines 1300 and 1301 on San Juan Crossover 
Email : NGI's Daily Gas Price Index  published : November 13, 2001 Watson: Enron Upside 'Clearly Worth Doing the Deal'  Dynegy CEO Chuck Watson told the investment community Monday that he was "90% sure" that the risk/reward ratio in the planned merger with Enron Corp. made it "clearly worth doing the deal," because the issues that decimated the former market leader were with its non-core businesses. Explaining that his team had "adequately bracketed the downside," as the deal fell together over the past few weeks, Watson said he could not be "99% positive," but noted that the upside was "substantial," and said he had a "good deal of confidence...that we'll be absolutely fine here." Dynegy, which announced a $22 billion cash, stock and debt deal with its downtown Houston rival on Friday night, joined with Enron executives including Chairman Kenneth Lay on Monday to answer as many questions as they could in about 90 minutes. If all goes to plan, the two companies would become Dynegy Inc. by the third quarter of 2002, the clear leader in natural gas and power marketing. In the second quarter 2001, Enron and Dynegy combined sold a total of 36.2 Bcf/d of gas, which represented 21% of the volumes sold by the top 20 gas marketers in North America (168.9 Bcf/d), according to a ranking by NGI. Enron was the top gas marketer with 25.3 Bcf/d and Dynegy was No. 6 with 10.9 Bcf/d. Statistics provided by Maryland-based Energy Performance Review (EPR) show that Enron and Dynegy combined sold 143,824 million kWh of power in the second quarter. That total represented 14% of the power sold by the top 20 largest power marketers (1,000,961 million kWh), according to EPR. Enron was in fifth place among power marketers with 73,724 million kWh sold, while Dynegy was in sixth place with 70,100 million kWh. The blending of the two will not come without challenges, but Watson stressed he expects to see more opportunities than problems. The opportunity appears to have come none too soon for Enron. Greg Whalley, Enron's president and a future member of Dynegy's executive team, confirmed that without some kind of equity investment in the company, the once market leader probably could not have sustained its liquidity through the rest of this year. "We definitely needed to raise some type of equity capital," said Whalley. "Under normal market conditions, we would have had adequate liquidity. This was not normal for Enron. We would not have had liquidity to the end of the year." Asked about asset sales in anticipation of meeting federal requirements to merge, executives acknowledged there would be some, but did not elaborate. Whalley said that from an "Enron perspective, we have not spent a lot of time with Dynegy people to agree on a plan. Chuck (Watson) has to clear what is core to Dynegy. There are several (assets for consideration to sell) on the list." Enron Chairman Kenneth Lay, who will not be part of the management team, but may hold a place on the Dynegy board of directors, added that Enron already has $4 billion in sales under contract, all expected to close by the end of 2002. "We also have three other significant international assets under contract," said Lay, referring to the among other things, the Dabhol power plant in India. Once the merger of Dynegy with Enron is successfully completed, the new Dynegy will become the "primary market player in all markets," but there will be a significant difference in how the company moves forward, noted Dynegy CFO Rob Doty. Enron's financial-backed trading strategy will merge with the "strong asset base" of Dynegy's. Dynegy has protected itself on the downside, however. The deal includes an out for Dynegy if Enron's legal liabilities exceed $3.5 billion. Asked about the possibility that some of Enron's marketing and trading team may desert the company for another company, Watson, stressing that teamwork will be the guiding force going forward, said, "if I were in this industry, this is the combination I'd work for. This is an exciting day here. It's been an exciting couple of weeks" creating a "platform for something really special in the future." Enron's Whalley said that he believes the company will keep most of its team intact. "They're accustomed to being part of a winning deal," he said, and "going forward, they will be very pleased with the additional infusion of equity and the stability in the marketplace." As of Monday morning, Whalley said that "activity looks pretty good," and said there had been a positive reception to the merger. "Right now, people are pleased with the introduction of new liquidity, and really want to go about establishing or re-establishing the energy franchise." Dynegy President Steve Bergstrom agreed. "Most traders want to be part of a winning team. This is a combination that will be a winning team. We have similar issues there as well. The 'A' players will stay around to be part of the winning team." Bergstrom explained that when the merger is complete, the new Dynegy will become the "primary player in all markets." He said Dynegy has a "more asset-backed strategy," adding that he has said before that "you can only have one market maker and Enron clearly was it." By combining the two companies, there will be a blend of Dynegy's asset strategy with Enron's "financial skill set," giving the new entity "more liquidity market-making than Dynegy itself has historically done." Added Watson, "both companies had a successful ratio and nothing is going to change there...I'm a strong believer in teams and the team concept. I don't want to see individuals do well if the company doesn't do well. It (will be) imbedded in the whole company." Ben Schlesinger, whose company Schlesinger & Associates analyzes the energy industry, said Monday that the big problem in the merger is "whether these two companies are able to pull together...to harness what's there." He said the "two parties are clearly leaders," but theoretically, they <Sep> Subject :  NGI's Article on the Merger 
Email : POSREP HOEGH GALLEON, DATE:08 MAY 01  A) Position at noon        : N 24,7? E 36,2? B) Dist. from last noon    : 371 nm C) Dist. to go to next port: 2101 D) Eta next port           : 13 0900 LT E) 1:Average sea/weather   : Wind: W5   Sea: W4    2:Average speed         :  19.03 knots / average RPM 92.55    3:B.O.G. consumed       : Nil      B.O.G. Total          :    4:F.O. consumed         : 143 mt   Brgds Knut Bentzr?d Master LNG/C "Hoegh Galleon"  E-mail: master.gall@hoegh.no Teleph: Inmarsat tel.no.+873 330853910 Fax   : Inmarsat fax no.+873 330853913 Telex : Inmarsat B telex no.+583 330853915 Telex : Inmarsat C telex no.+583 430853910 (24hrs.watch)   <Sep> Subject :  POSREP 
Email : Attached is an Excel spreadsheet of contract details of the TW deals we will be evaluating. There are 430 deals we will evaluate. The next step is to add price data with these details. Please let me know if you have any questions. Richard Riehm   <Sep> Subject :  TW Contract Data 
Email : Transportation Notes  El Paso said it has become necessary to shut down Line 1600 upstream of Casa Grande Station one day earlier than previously announced. The line will be down on Nov. 15, instead of Nov. 16. Capacity of the South Mainline will be reduced by 245 MMcf/d effective for Cycle 2 on Nov. 15. The work will be completed prior to the start of the Nov. 16 gas day. El Paso also said Line 1218 downstream of Bondad Station was taken out of service for emergency repairs Wednesday reducing the capacity through Bondad Station by 190 MMcf/d. The reduction was effective for Cycle 4 and will continue through today. Line 1110 between Keystone and Pecos River Stations will be shut in for repairs on Thursday as well, reducing the capacity through Pecos River Station by an additional 40 MMcf/d to 800 MMcf/d capacity. If you have operational or scheduling questions, call your scheduling representative at (719) 520-4706. PG&E's California Gas Transmission system called a systemwide operational flow order for Thursday Nov. 15 with a 0% tolerance and $1/Dth penalties for noncompliance. The intrastate pipeline is full of gas with deliveries continuing to exceed nominations.   <Sep> Subject :  El Paso Maintenance Notes 
Email : Paul and Mark:  Please fill out the attached Internal Security Access Request including your ID under the required information. Please return the form electronically for process. If you have any questions do not hesitate to call me at 36142. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  CAS Access Request 
Email : Transwestern's average deliveries to California were 924 MMBtu/d (85%), with San Juan lateral throughput at 849 MMBtu/d. Total East deliveries averaged 479 MMBtu/d. El Paso's average deliveries to California were 2146 MMBtu/d (73%): - PG&ETop, capacity of 1140 MMBtu/d, deliveries of 716 MMBtu/d (63%) - SoCalEhr, capacity 1250 MMBtu/d, deliveries of 985 MMBtu/d (79%) - SoCalTop, capacity 540 MMBtu/d, deliveries of 445 MMBtu/d (82%)  Friday's posted Gas Daily prices:  SoCal gas, large pkgs   1.94 (-.635)  PG&E, large pkgs   1.855 (-.61)  TW San Juan    1.62 (-.70)      TW Permian    1.71 (-.70)  Enron Online bases:   Dec-Mar  Apr-Oct Perm-CA .05 (-.03)      .21 (-.02) SJ - CA .20 (even)           .41 (-.03) SJ-Waha .20 (+.04)         .26 (+.01)  Perm-Waha .05 (+.01)                  .06 (+.01)   <Sep> Subject :  California Capacity Report for Week of 11/12-11/16 
Email : Please be informed, due to time constraints, Steve Harris' Staff meeting on December 3rd will be condensed by 30 minutes  (2:30-3:00p). All reports should be abbreviated to accommodate Steve's appointments. Please mark your calendars accordingly. adr   <Sep> Subject :  Steve Harris' Staff Meeting on December 3rd 
Email : Over the weekend one of the Enron International data servers (EI G:\common) was scheduled to relocate to another Enron data center. Since the move of the server, the system has been experiencing a wide range of technical issues. The infrastructure team has been working around the clock to resolve these issues. This work is expected to be completed and all files accessible by end of business day Monday evening. We apologize for the inconvenience and appreciate your patience in this matter. Thank you,   <Sep> Subject :  EI Data Servers 
Email : I have spoken to Oman LNG about our ETA. They are unable to move forward the ship due to load after the "Hoegh Galleon". They have asked that we try to arrive as early as possible on May 13 so that departure on April 14 can be achieved. Please advise as soon as information is available on the progress of the work. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  ETA to Oman 
Email : Someone was asking me the other day if I had any friends at Enron....you came to mind! Are you weathering the storm? Unbelievable is the word that comes to my mind. We use Andersen also and I know they are quite "tight lipped" about the situation! I sincerely hope everything works out for you and the other Enron employees that have done nothing more than "bust your rears" for the good of the "Big E". Stay in touch,  Alton D. Heckaman, Jr. Swift Energy Company Senior Vice President Chief Financial Officer   <Sep> Subject :  Status 
Email : POSREP HOEGH GALLEON, DATE: 30th. 1200lt  A) Position at noon        : ALGECIRAS OUTER ANCHORAGE. B) Dist. from last noon    : 303 N.MILES (17HRS. 42MIN.) C) Dist. to go to next port: 4422,5 N.MILES D) Eta next port           : MAY 13TH. 0900LT E) 1:Average sea/weather   : Wind:NE 5 Sea:NE 4    2:Average speed         : 17,12 knots / average RPM 94,3    3:B.O.G. consumed       : NIL    4:F.O. consumed         : 111 MT    5:G.O. consumed         : NIL   Brgds Oe. Hansen Master  E-mail: master.gall@hoegh.no Teleph: Inmarsat tel.no.+874 330853910 Fax   : Inmarsat fax no.+874 330853913 Telex : Inmarsat B telex no.+584 330853915 Telex : Inmarsat C telex no.+584 430853910 (24hrs.watch)   <Sep> Subject :  DAILY POS. REPORT 
Email : Dear Sir's. Pls. find below daily pos. report with corrected rpm. POSREP HOEGH GALLEON 19TH. APRIL 1200LT (1600UTC)  A) Position at noon        : N 26 41 W 089 29 B) Dist. from last noon    : 271,5 n. miles (14 HRS. )(1 HRS. ADV) C) Dist. to go to next port: 8942.5 n.miles (Qalhat) D) Eta next port           : May 12th. 0001 local time E) 1:Average sea/weather   : Wind: SE 4 2, Sea: SE 3    2:Average speed         : 19,39 knots / average RPM 91,87    3:B.O.G. consumed       : nil    4:F.O. consumed         : 75 mt. 5:G.O. consumed         : nil    6:Average vapor press. Tk. 1:      bar. Average liq. temp:                           Tk. 2:                            :                           Tk. 3:                            :                           Tk. 4:                            :                           Tk. 5:                            :  POSREP HOEGH GALLEON 20TH. APRIL 1200LT (1600UTC)  A) Position at noon        : N 24 00 W 081 57 B) Dist. from last noon    : 440 n. miles (24 HRS.) C) Dist. to go to next port: 8502.5 n.miles (Qalhat) D) Eta next port           : May 12th. 0001 local time E) 1:Average sea/weather   : Wind: E 6, Sea: E 5    2:Average speed         : 18,33 knots / average RPM 91,54    3:B.O.G. consumed       : nil    4:F.O. consumed         : 128 mt. 5:G.O. consumed         : nil    6:Average vapor press. Tk. 1:      bar. Average liq. temp:                           Tk. 2:                            :                           Tk. 3:                            :                           Tk. 4:                            :                           Tk. 5:                            :   POSREP HOEGH GALLEON 21ST. APRIL 1200LT (1600UTC)  A) Position at noon        : N 24 00 W 081 57 B) Dist. from last noon    : 465 n. miles (23 HRS.) C) Dist. to go to next port: 8037.5 n.miles (Qalhat) D) Eta next port           : May 12th. 0001 local time E) 1:Average sea/weather   : Wind: E 6, Sea: E 5    2:Average speed         : 20,22 knots / average RPM 94,59    3:B.O.G. consumed       : nil    4:F.O. consumed         : 128 mt. 5:G.O. consumed         : nil    6:Average vapor press. Tk. 1:      bar. Average liq. temp:                           Tk. 2:                           <Sep> Subject :  DAILY POS. REPORT - CORRECTION'S 
Email : Dear Sir's  30th. 0542lt. Voyage interupted. 0730lt. Drop anchor off port limit Algeciras. Brgds Oe. Hansen Master  E-mail: master.gall@hoegh.no Teleph: Inmarsat tel.no.+874 330853910 Fax   : Inmarsat fax no.+874 330853913 Telex : Inmarsat B telex no.+584 330853915 Telex : Inmarsat C telex no.+584 430853910 (24hrs.watch)   <Sep> Subject :  ARRIVED ALGECIRAS 
Email : Paul,  I'm with Enron Middle East in Dubai. Would just like to know if you are now using the celfone from Dubai office that was assigned to Tod Peterson (971 50 6552631). If so, can you provide us your expense cost center. Thanks for your reply.   <Sep> Subject :  Dubai celfone 
Email : POSREP HOEGH GALLEON, DATE: 29TH. APRIL 1200 LT.  A) Position at noon        : N 35 17 W 011 53 B) Dist. from last noon    : 447 N.MILES C) Dist. to go to next port: 4725,5 N.MILES D) Eta next port           : MAY 13TH. 0900 LT. E) 1:Average sea/weather   : Wind: NE 5 Sea: NE 4    2:Average speed         : 18,63 knots / average RPM 93,88    3:B.O.G. consumed       : NIL    4:F.O. consumed         : 149    5:G.O. consumed         : NIL  ETA ALGECIRAS 30TH. 0700 LOCAL TIME. Brgds Oe. Hansen Master  E-mail: master.gall@hoegh.no Teleph: Inmarsat tel.no.+874 330853910 Fax   : Inmarsat fax no.+874 330853913 Telex : Inmarsat B telex no.+584 330853915 Telex : Inmarsat C telex no.+584 430853910 (24hrs.watch)   <Sep> Subject :  DAILY POS. REPORT 
Email : Dear Sir's  Vessel Hoegh Galleon/C6QB8  ETA Qalhat now 13th. May 0900 local time,  Brgds Oe. Hansen Master  E-mail: master.gall@hoegh.no Teleph: Inmarsat tel.no.+874 330853910 Fax   : Inmarsat fax no.+874 330853913 Telex : Inmarsat B telex no.+584 330853915 Telex : Inmarsat C telex no.+584 430853910 (24hrs.watch)   <Sep> Subject :  ETA NOTICE. 
Email : POSREP HOEGH GALLEON, DATE:  A) Position at noon        : N 34 19 W 020 54 B) Dist. from last noon    : 412 (22 HRS.) (CLOCK ADV. 2 HRS.) C) Dist. to go to next port: 5172,5 N.MILES D) Eta next port           : MAY 13TH. 0900LT E) 1:Average sea/weather   : Wind: E 5  Sea: E 4    2:Average speed         : 18,73 knots / average RPM 93,61    3:B.O.G. consumed       : NIL    4:F.O. consumed         : 142 MT    5:G.O. consumed         : NIL    6:Average vapor press. Tk. 1:      bar. Average liq. temp:                           Tk. 2:                            :                           Tk. 3:                            :                           Tk. 4:                            :                           Tk. 5:                            :    Brgds Oe. Hansen Master  E-mail: master.gall@hoegh.no Teleph: Inmarsat tel.no.+874 330853910 Fax   : Inmarsat fax no.+874 330853913 Telex : Inmarsat B telex no.+584 330853915 Telex : Inmarsat C telex no.+584 430853910 (24hrs.watch)   <Sep> Subject :  DAILY POS. REPORT 
Email : Victor,  As discussed, we need to engineer a tie-in to Peerless so that we have a way to periodically turnover (by selling) our fuel oil inventory to before it goes bad. James McMillan will forward to you a scope of work and cost for an engineer to go to site to develop the tie-in design. This cost should be between $5 and 10K. Once finalized, please issue an Eco PO to perform this work. Rick   <Sep> Subject :  Fuel Oil Tie-in to Peerless 
Email : PLEASE NOTE THE FOLLOWING CHANGES TO THE PROJECT LIST FOR LNG PROJECTS  NEW PROJECT:   PROJECT NAME   #  DESCRIPTION  1. WEST COAST DEVELOPMENT  C00597201XX TO RECORD TIME AND EXPENSES FOR DEVELOPMENT ACTIVITIES RELATING TO CALIFORNIA         AND MEXICO  2. ELBA ISLAND MARKETING EFFORTS C00597301XX TO RECORD TIME AND EXPENSES RELATING TO MARKETING EFFORTS   CHANGES TO EXISTING PROJECTS:  HOEGH GALLEON MERCHANT ACTIVITIES AND SPOT SALES PROJECTS ARE NOW COMBINED. PLEASE USE E.00017601XX  FOR CODING TIME AND EXPENSES. PLEASE NOTE THAT SPOT SALES PROJECT # E.00077201XX WILL NOT ACCEPT ANY CHARGES . DOM REP C00099002XX IS CLOSED AND WILL NOT BE ACCEPTING ANY CHARGES GOING FORWARD. IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS , PLEASE FEEL FREE TO CALL:  BARBARA GARCIA  54369 ROBERT WINGENTER  54370 SHILPA KADAKIA   54502   FOR CODING TODAY'S TIMESHEET, PLEASE NOTE THESE CHANGES. SHILPA   <Sep> Subject :  New project Codes for LNG 
Email : . Company Profile 2002  International Energy Consultants        Dear Colleague:  We are currently verifying company and people information for our 2002 Purvin & Gertz, Inc. records. Fill in the designated areas to enable us to ensure that our 2002 database is accurate and concise for our essential day-to-day business operation. Name:  Title:  Company:  Address:  City:  State:  Telephone:  Fax:  Email Address   Any amends or additions you have, you can either email it to me at cmaliaga@purvingertz.com or fax at 713-331-4000. Sincerely,   <Sep> Subject :  Purvin & Gertz Update 
Email : Dear Sir's  Could you please adv. if the stop in Algeciras now are "official". The reason why I ask is that I have to notify Qalhat LNG Terminal if ETA change more than 12 hrs., and so far I have not informed them. Brgds Oe. Hansen Master  E-mail: master.gall@hoegh.no Teleph: Inmarsat tel.no.+874 330853910 Fax   : Inmarsat fax no.+874 330853913 Telex : Inmarsat B telex no.+584 330853915 Telex : Inmarsat C telex no.+584 430853910 (24hrs.watch)   <Sep> Subject :  STOP IN ALGECIRAS 
Email : POSREP HOEGH GALLEON, DATE: APR. 26TH. 1200HRS. LT.  A) Position at noon        : N 32 30 W 037 41 B) Dist. from last noon    : 422 N.MILES (23 HRS) C) Dist. to go to next port: 6020,5 N. MILES D) Eta next port           : MAY 13TH. 0900LT (QALHAT) E) 1:Average sea/weather   : Wind: E 5 Sea: E 4    2:Average speed         : 18,35 knots / average RPM 93,68    3:B.O.G. consumed       : NIL    4:F.O. consumed         : 143    5:G.O. consumed         : NIL    6:Average vapor press. Tk. 1:      bar. Average liq. temp:                           Tk. 2:                            :                           Tk. 3:                            :                           Tk. 4:                            :                           Tk. 5:                            :  ETA Qalhat changed due to stop in Algeciras. ETA Algeciras 30th. April 0500lt. Brgds Oe. Hansen Master  E-mail: master.gall@hoegh.no Teleph: Inmarsat tel.no.+874 330853910 Fax   : Inmarsat fax no.+874 330853913 Telex : Inmarsat B telex no.+584 330853915 Telex : Inmarsat C telex no.+584 430853910 (24hrs.watch)   <Sep> Subject :  DAILY POS. REPORT 
Email : Attached for your use in pricing deals and in minimizing Enron's U.S. taxable income is a set of U.S. tax guidelines for the activities of Enron LNG Marketing LLC. As guidelines the outline covers most situations, but not all. One of the critical matters the outline does not cover is local country taxes and tariffs and customs. Accordingly, while I trust the guidelines will be helpful to you, please don't use them as an excuse for not being neighborly and calling or dropping by to say hi on your transactions. Please pass the guidelines on to anyone I may have missed on the distribution list that can benefit from them. Best regards to all,   <Sep> Subject :  Enron LNG Marketing LLC US Tax Guidelines 
Email : Dear Sir's  Pls. find attached voyage report from voyage 001 loaded. Brgds Oe. Hansen Master  E-mail: master.gall@hoegh.no Teleph: Inmarsat tel.no.+874 330853910 Fax   : Inmarsat fax no.+874 330853913 Telex : Inmarsat B telex no.+584 330853915 Telex : Inmarsat C telex no.+584 430853910 (24hrs.watch)   - VOYREP 001L.xls   <Sep> Subject :  VOYAGE REPORT 
Email : Dear Sir's. Now all should be OK.   POSREP HOEGH GALLEON 19TH. APRIL 1200LT (1600UTC)  A) Position at noon        : N 26 41 W 089 29 B) Dist. from last noon    : 271,5 n. miles (14 HRS. )(1 HRS. ADV) C) Dist. to go to next port: 8942.5 n.miles (Qalhat) D) Eta next port           : May 12th. 0001 local time E) 1:Average sea/weather   : Wind: SE 4 2, Sea: SE 3    2:Average speed         : 19,39 knots / average RPM 91,90    3:B.O.G. consumed       : nil    4:F.O. consumed         : 75 mt. 5:G.O. consumed         : nil    6:Average vapor press. Tk. 1:      bar. Average liq. temp:                           Tk. 2:                            :                           Tk. 3:                            :                           Tk. 4:                            :                           Tk. 5:                            :  POSREP HOEGH GALLEON 20TH. APRIL 1200LT (1600UTC)  A) Position at noon        : N 24 00 W 081 57 B) Dist. from last noon    : 440 n. miles (24 HRS.) C) Dist. to go to next port: 8502.5 n.miles (Qalhat) D) Eta next port           : May 12th. 0001 local time E) 1:Average sea/weather   : Wind: E 6, Sea: E 5    2:Average speed         : 18,33 knots / average RPM 91,55    3:B.O.G. consumed       : nil    4:F.O. consumed         : 128 mt. 5:G.O. consumed         : nil    6:Average vapor press. Tk. 1:      bar. Average liq. temp:                           Tk. 2:                            :                           Tk. 3:                            :                           Tk. 4:                            :                           Tk. 5:                            :   POSREP HOEGH GALLEON 21ST. APRIL 1200LT (1600UTC)  A) Position at noon        : N 24 00 W 081 57 B) Dist. from last noon    : 465 n. miles (23 HRS.) C) Dist. to go to next port: 8037.5 n.miles (Qalhat) D) Eta next port           : May 12th. 0001 local time E) 1:Average sea/weather   : Wind: E 6, Sea: E 5    2:Average speed         : 20,22 knots / average RPM 91,55    3:B.O.G. consumed       : nil    4:F.O. consumed         : 128 mt. 5:G.O. consumed         : nil    6:Average vapor press. Tk. 1:      bar. Average liq. temp:                           Tk. 2:                            : <Sep> Subject :  DAILY POS. REPORT - CORRECTION'S 
Email : Critical Migration Information:  1. Your scheduled Outlook Migration Date is THE EVENING OF : May 7th 2. You need to press the "Save My Data" button (only once) to send us your pre-migration information. 3. You must be connected to the network before you press the button. 4. If a POP-UP BOX appears, prompting you to "ABORT, CANCEL OR TRUST SIGNER" please  select TRUST SIGNER. 5. Any information you Add to your Personal Address Book, Journal or calendar after you click on the button will need to be manually re-added into Outlook after you have been migrated. 6. Clicking this button does not complete your migration to Outlook. Your migration will be completed  the evening of your migration date. Failure to click on the button means you WILL NOT get your Calendar, Contacts, Journal and ToDo information imported into Outlook the day of your migration and could result in up to a 2 week delay to restore this information. If you encounter any errors please contact the resolution center @ 713-853-1411   <Sep> Subject :  3 - URGENT - TO PREVENT LOSS OF INFORMATION 
Email : Dear Sir's  Pls. find attached pump log for voy. 001. Pls. also adv. if it's necessary to send signed hard copy. Brgds Oe. Hansen Master  E-mail: master.gall@hoegh.no Teleph: Inmarsat tel.no.+874 330853910 Fax   : Inmarsat fax no.+874 330853913 Telex : Inmarsat B telex no.+584 330853915 Telex : Inmarsat C telex no.+584 430853910 (24hrs.watch)   - Timelog.xls   <Sep> Subject :  PUMP LOG. 
Email : Today, Javier and I discussed the next supply cargo for ProCaribe. I am in agreement with his idea of supplying Progasco for the next six months. Also spoke with Suzanne and the bigger the cargo size the best chances of a better price. Javier and I are in agreement on a cargo size from 8,000 - 10,000 Mts with the delivery window between May 15th - May 30th. This means that we will have to return to EcoEl?ctrica between 3,000 - 4,000 Mts of borrowed propane depending on the arrival of the ship. I will travel to Houston on Monday. That same day I will meet Suzanne and she will update me on this cargo. On Tuesday, after my conference, we can also meet as well as Wednesday afternoon. Javier knows I will be in Houston. I don't foresee any problems in getting our thoughts together in ordering this cargo. Saludos   <Sep> Subject :  Next Supply Cargo 
Email : POSREP HOEGH GALLEON 23RD. APRIL 1200LT (1400UTC)  A) Position at noon        : N 29 42 W 062 33 B) Dist. from last noon    : 294 n. miles (17H 35M.) C) Dist. to go to next port: 7299 n.miles (Qalhat) D) Eta next port           : May 12th. 0001 local time E) 1:Average sea/weather   : Wind: ENE 6 , Sea: ENE 5    2:Average speed         : 16,72 knots / average RPM 93,76    3:B.O.G. consumed       : nil    4:F.O. consumed         : 101 mt. 5:G.O. consumed         : nil    6:Average vapor press. Tk. 1:      bar. Average liq. temp:                           Tk. 2:                            :                           Tk. 3:                            :                           Tk. 4:                            :                           Tk. 5:                            :  Eta Algeciras 30th. 0500 local time. Due to broken steam exhaust pipe from main feed water pump it was necessary to stop and close down both boilers for 5 hrs. 35 min. 22nd. 1905lt. engine stoped. 23rd. 0130lt. cont. voyage. (clock adv. 2 x 40 min)   Brgds Oe. Hansen Master  E-mail: master.gall@hoegh.no Teleph: Inmarsat tel.no.+874 330853910 Fax   : Inmarsat fax no.+874 330853913 Telex : Inmarsat B telex no.+584 330853915 Telex : Inmarsat C telex no.+584 430853910 (24hrs.watch)   <Sep> Subject :  DAILY POS. REPORT. 
Email : POSREP HOEGH GALLEON 22ND. APRIL 1200LT (1500UTC)  A) Position at noon        : N 29 05 W 068 07 B) Dist. from last noon    : 436 n. miles (24 HRS.) C) Dist. to go to next port: 7593 n.miles (Qalhat) D) Eta next port           : June 12th. 0001 local time E) 1:Average sea/weather   : Wind: ENE 6 , Sea: ENE 5    2:Average speed         : 18,17 knots / average RPM 93,76    3:B.O.G. consumed       : nil    4:F.O. consumed         : 161 mt. 5:G.O. consumed         : nil    6:Average vapor press. Tk. 1:      bar. Average liq. temp:                           Tk. 2:                            :                           Tk. 3:                            :                           Tk. 4:                            :                           Tk. 5:                            :  ETA ALGECIRAS 29TH. 2000LT. Brgds Oe. Hansen Master  E-mail: master.gall@hoegh.no Teleph: Inmarsat tel.no.+874 330853910 Fax   : Inmarsat fax no.+874 330853913 Telex : Inmarsat B telex no.+584 330853915 Telex : Inmarsat C telex no.+584 430853910 (24hrs.watch)   <Sep> Subject :  DAILY POS. REPORT 
Email : If the last Hoegh Galleon cargo of this year is diverted to Puerto Rico, the  economics of sending non-Cabot LNG to Puerto Rico are different than those  mentioned in my prior note. Based on current prices, there is $0.7 MM of value that could be captured  between Enron LNG and Eco on the diversion. This represents the price  difference between what it would cost to buy back our sale to ENA at CMS and  what Eco would have had to pay Cabot for a Winter Cargo. If CMS would let us  out of the terminal fee or let it apply to a future delivery, that would add  an additional $1 MM of value. If Cabot had to give up its Demand Charge and  Demand Surcharge (hard to imagine) on the Winter Cargo, that adds another  $4.7 MM. A second Hoegh Galleon cargo should add $1.5 MM but would need to be sourced  from Nigeria or Algeria(???). Cabot controls the date of the Last Cargo delivered in 2001. It can be  November 23-December 15 (unless another date is mutually agreeable). The date  of this last delivery determines the earliest date that Eco would be able to  receive the Hoegh Galleon. The earliest that Eco could receive the Hoegh  Galleon should therefore be between December 20 and January 11 - depends on  Cabot. Eco would be able to receive a second Hoegh Galleon cargo as soon as 29 days  after the first Hoegh Galleon cargo delivery or as late as 45 days after. Two  Hoegh Galleon cargoes should give Eco enough fuel (barely) to get them to the  dates where they are eligible to receive the Early Spring cargo (100 days  after the Last Cargo of 2001). In addition to the $$$'s available to be captured, this program removes Eco's  risk of not receiving a Winter Cargo from Cabot. Economics and Timing -  The amount of value to be captured is most heavily  influenced by December-January NYMEX prices. These impact our cost to buy  back gas at the CMS tailgate and our cost to buy the second Hoegh Galleon  cargo. Our gas cost is more subject to change than is the Cabot contract  price we are trying to beat. If we had a crystal ball, we would lock-in the  economics of the diversion and of the purchase of the second cargo when the  NYMEX bottoms-out. The front of the price curve has lost ~$1.00/MMBtu in the  last 2 weeks. Where will it go from here? In order to be prepared to execute when market conditions are right, we need  to get Eco on board and initiate discussions with a producer about supply for  the second cargo. Also, we should talk with Gene Massey to confirm that the  contract says what we think it says and to get his thoughts on what we are  trying to do. I would appreciate any insights that you may have regarding this opportunity. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Update - EcoElectrica Winter Cargo 
Email : Oscar,  Per our conversation, the following are the fuel management team's  assumptions of fuel requirements for Eco at 100% of capacity:  LNG   91,260 MMBtu/day at 507 MW    Heat Rate = 7500 BTU/kwh  LPG   1905 Metric Tons at 507 MW     Heat Rate = 7461 BTU/kwh    (Note: 522  gallons/MT   ,   91,300 Btu/gallon)  No.2   619,000 gallons/day at 465 MW   Heat Rate = 7313 BTU/kwh    (Note:  131,850 Btu/gallon)   Heat rates at less than 100% of capacity will be different from those at  100%. Check with Rick or Arthur regarding performance curves. Call me if you have any additional questions. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Eco Fuel Consumption 
Email : The attached spreadsheet allows you to easily calculate Eco's year-end LNG  inventory for a variety of cases that vary dispatch rate, # days of outage  for CT1, and number of cargoes diverted between now and year-end. Simply  enter your assumption for number of days of CT1 outage in cell A16 and the  number of cargoes you want to divert in cell A23. The year-end inventory is  automatically calculated. A negative number means that you require more LNG  than you are entitled to receive. Assuming that you want the LNG tank full at year-end:  1. Eco will be able to receive 100% of the remaining 6 cargoes if the CT1  outage is 60 days or less  2. 175 days of CT1 outage are required to result in Eco being able to divert  1 cargo and still have a full tank at year-end  3. a 60-175 day outage for CT1 results in surplus LNG but whether or not it  is enough to market depends on how much the outage exceeds 60 days  The above figures assume a 76% dispatch and 95% availability on days that Eco  is not assumed to be in an outage. Paul   <Sep> Subject :  EcoElectrica LNG Requirements for Remainder of 2001 
Email : Andy,   How are you doing? Will you be in John Lavorato's group or in the Power group, when we move to UBS. Also, what commodities will you be trading? Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  UBS Group 
Email : Kenny -  I picked up your voice mail. Apologies if this is not timely as I've been out this week. So, you may have already gotten this same info and update from Mike, but here goes. I understand that you are really wanting a push to get this deal done asap. Mike and I feel the same way as we still are very supportive of the deal and recognize the impact on momentum that extended contract negotiations can have. I would like to manage your expectations on the timing, though. As you know, we visited with Enron legal for the first time on Monday, May 21. At the end of the meeting, Enron took the to-do to cycle edits based on our commercial and business principle discussions. We received the revised contract on Monday, June 4. Realistically speaking, the contract has been rewritten. We are hopeful that the business and commercial terms that have been agreed upon are still in tact, but regardless, the new document will take us some time to digest, reflect, and comment. Mike, Mark, and Brian are reviewing the contract in detail today and tomorrow. You and I should expect to receive their summary comments and feedback early next week. When I have gotten them, I will call to schedule review time with you as well. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  TSH Contract 
Email : Presentation: Great Lakes Transmission  When: Monday, June 18 (3:00-4:30)  Where: Troy, MI (Detroit) Who: Shiela Walby (Marketing); The main guy is Great Lakes is Art Edmunds [this is who I spoke to] and he will be out of town for several weeks but wants us to meet with Shiela, his rates/pricing manager; An IT person will be at the meeting as well. Comments: Art told me that they run daily auctions for both firm and IT; He also told me that they were unable to get rid of much of their firm capacity this past winter; Alliance, Panhandle Eastern and Vector have created a competitive environment for Great Lakes; Art also told me that they rarely sell at their max. rate due to   new competition. Note: We are meeting with Vector on Tuesday.   <Sep> Subject :  Great Lakes Transmission Ltd. 
Email : Andy,  Thanks for giving me the opportunity to meet with you about the Analyst/ Associate program. I enjoyed talking to you, and look forward to contributing to the success that the program has enjoyed. Thanks and Best Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Thanks for the interview 
Email : Enron Establishes Future Market For Memory Chips  By Bob Sechler  Of DOW JONES NEWSWIRES   Jun. 7, 2001  Dow Jones News Service  (Copyright (c) 2001, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.)   AUSTIN, Texas -(Dow Jones)- Dynamic random access memory chips, known as DRAM, have long been viewed as the pork bellies of the computer industry, commodities whose prices swing widely based on supply and demand. Enron Corp. (ENE) is taking the analogy a step further by enabling DRAM manufacturers and consumers, such as computer companies, to engage in the same price hedging strategies deployed in industries that depend on traditional commodities. The company has launched a lot program to buy and sell DRAM chips based on forward contracts, and it says an average of 25,000 standard 128-megabit DRAM chips a week were traded through its system during the first quarter, the initial quarter for active trading. That's a small amount relative to the overall worldwide DRAM market, estimated at $32 billion last year, but it is a start. "The (DRAM) chip market is a boom-or-bust cycle, with prices very high or very low," said Kenneth Wang, director of Enron's global semiconductor group. "It's the perfect market. And Enron has the credibility." Enron, Houston, is no stranger to making markets. The company, once a stodgy natural gas pipeline operator, has evolved into a major commodity marketer and trader, dealing in everything from energy products to chemicals and Internet bandwidth capacity. Chip industry players and observers are intrigued by the DRAM effort, although many remain skeptical. Most point out that the potential for a DRAM futures market has been discussed for years with little to show for it. "All of the PC companies I know of would love to have an effective hedge" against DRAM price swings, Lehman Brothers Inc. analyst Dan Niles said. Every computer contains at least one of the chips, and many contain multiple chips, making DRAM chips among the top component expenses for computer makers. Other products, such as automobiles and digital cameras, use the memory chips as well. At present, DRAM chips are sold through direct contracts with manufacturers, such as Micron Technology Inc. (MU) and Samsung Electronics Co. (Q.SSE), and through a spot market, where the price fluctuates daily. There is no independent exchange for DRAM futures that would allow manufacturers of the chips or their consumers to hedge against unexpected price swings. Challenges to forward trading in DRAM have proved daunting. DRAM isn't quite uniform, although it's considered the closest thing to a commodity in the computer industry. Many different configurations of the same basic chip exist, depending on the needs of the customer. DRAM prices have fallen over time - about 30% a year over the last 25 years as manufacturing costs have declined - despite short-term fluctuations. Memory chip prices have fallen steeply this year because of weak computer demand. Standard 128-megabit chips have been selling recently for about $2.40 on the spot market, off almost 50% since February. Technical innovation always has the potential to render existing DRAM varieties obsolete, which would open the door to additional risk for the holder of a forward buy contract. Nonetheless, some major industry players are watching Enron's effort closely. Officials at Compaq Computer Corp. (CPQ), a leading consumer of DRAM chips, think the effort has merit and could work. Compaq hasn't made any DRAM purchases through Enron yet but remains receptive to the idea. The trend of falling DRAM prices "happens on a macro level, but there have been years when the price has increased 50% or 100%, and it happens in a very quick period of time," said Jack Baikie, Compaq's vice president of corporate procurement. "It's not a predictable cost curve" in the short-term. This year's declining prices likely would reverse quickly upon some signal that PC demand was rebounding, he said. A forward trading market "could provide us the ability to anticipate market trends and do some no-risk, or minimal-risk, hedging," Baikie said. Baikie dismisses the notion that DRAM isn't a commodity. "A memory chip is a memory chip," he said, with the only difference being how an individual consumer elects to configure and use it. Micron, one of the top DRAM manufacturers, also is receptive to the idea of a forward trading market. But Micron spokesman Kipp Bedard cautioned that the technical variations of DRAM, combined with continuing innovation, aren't insignificant issues and have proved to be a problem in past efforts. Enron is confident it has the expertise to package and make standard its forward contracts for DRAM in a way that renders the technical differences surmountable. Company officials point to Enron's pioneering effort in Internet bandwidth trading as an example of a market that also faced technical hurdles. But Enron officials acknowledge they're still demonstrating that their effort is viable and valuable. "We want people to first get used to it," said Wang, of Enron. "It's a process of education." He said he expects trading volume to increase when big companies use the market. Enron executives said that DRAM is the first of their efforts to establish forward markets for all types of computer components. Eventually, Enron plans to trade forward contracts for components such as liquid-crystal displays. "We'd like to hedge maybe 60% of a computer, if possible, in the long-term," Wang said. "That's our plan."   <Sep> Subject :  FYI.....Enron Establishes Future Market For Memory Chips 
Email : Hello Everyone:  Due to database difficulties in Houston, the EnronOnline Europe Marketing Report for the week ending June 6, 2001 could not be produced today. The report will be distributed as soon as data becomes available. Apologies for any inconvenience this may cause. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Delayed - EnronOnline Europe Marketing Reports 
Email : FYI. The ClickPaper group in Industrial Markets asked my permission to be able to say, "ClickPaper will be upgraded to operate via the EnronOnline platform." I have asked them to delete the reference to EnronOnline and simply claim that this is a new version with many enhancements and new features. While it may seem like their message gives a plug to EnronOnline, I think it will confuse the audience on what exactly is the relationship between ClickPaper and EnronOnline. Also, we have little control over how Industrial Markets will promote ClickPaper and I don't want the market to think that any issues with ClickPaper somehow are a poor reflection on EnronOnline. Kal   <Sep> Subject :  ClickPaper transition 
Email : ChemConnect and Envera Announce Merger; Leading Online Marketplace for Chemicals and Plastics and Major Industry Consortium Join Forces, Heralds New B2B Era   06/07/2001  Business Wire    Offering the only complete e-commerce solution for buyers and sellers of chemicals and plastics worldwide, ChemConnect Inc. and Envera today announced they have merged. The agreement between ChemConnect, operator of the World Chemical Exchange, a dynamic online marketplace supported by strategic e-commerce services, and Envera, a leading global electronic network for chemical and petrochemical industry B2B supply chain transactions and services, is effective immediately. Dedicated solely to creating value for buyers and sellers of chemicals and plastics, the merged company offers increased efficiency, cost optimization, and improved collaboration with existing and new business partners across the entire supply chain, from prospecting to fulfillment and settlement. "ChemConnect is the leading online marketplace for chemicals and plastics. Envera offers unparalleled supply chain integration. Together, we create the first online Marketplace Plus that offers a flexible, modular approach to accommodate different stages of adoption," said John Robinson, ChemConnect CEO, who will now serve as CEO of the merged entity. "Combining our complementary strengths and shared vision, we will have an unbeatable solution: A seamless connection to the entire workflow, from identifying new business partners to fulfillment. It's what our Members told us they want, and with this merger, we are making it all available." ChemConnect and Envera will offer their Members unmatched, online global buying and selling opportunities, supported by end-to-end connectivity and collaboration--including sales, logistics, and financial services--across entire supply chains. With each company's proven B2B expertise in creating new efficiencies and improved bottom-lines for their members, the two companies together represent the first fully-integrated, full-service e-commerce solution, where buyers and sellers of chemicals and plastics can meet in an open, independent marketplace to find new business partners, negotiate purchases and sales, and complete order fulfillment through automated back-office business processes and system-to-system integration. Because both companies' solutions are "ready-now," with low entry costs, chemicals and plastics buyers and sellers can immediately, and profitably, benefit from procurement, sales, and supply chain efficiencies.   <Sep> Subject :  FYI-n 
Email : I am working with IT on the look and feel for Kiodex Lite reports on EnronOnline. I think the reports should be named "Kiodex Reports" and branded with the Kiodex logo. While EnronOnline is delivering the reports, I want our users to easily understand that EnronOnline is not processing the reports and any errors/issues would be Kiodex's responsibility. Pls. let me know if you agree. Kal   <Sep> Subject :  Kiodex Reports on EnronOnline 
Email : Hi  I've attached a couple of files summarizing our progress and current status on modeling the bid-ask spread. The first summarizes characterization of the EOL Crude data and the second describes a bid-ask spread model based on options theory developed by Zimin (The figure from the paper is included separately). I am now setting up an Excel spreadsheet to test this model with the EOL data. Let me know when you would like to meet to review this. Thanks, Bob Lee   <Sep> Subject :  EOL Pricing Algorithm Update 
Email : Andy:   It was a pleasure speaking with you earlier this morning. Like I said, I just wanted to introduce myself and see who you might know that would have an interest in ice fishing. Please feel free to contact me personally or you may also pass my information along to anyone that may have an interest. My client holds a strong position in the Northeast. They are looking to fill a Senior Gas Trading position. They are fairly new to the gas world and seeks a professional with a solid understanding of the technical side of natural gas trading. Somebody that is not afraid of taking "responsible" risks. Further information includes:  35,000 megawatts of generation, VAR limit of 25 million   The role in general would consist of approximately 35% Strategic Gas Hedging in the Northeast with the remaining balance Spec Trading. This is a Senior Level position so my client is looking for experience as head of a desk. If you have any questions or would like to talk further, please feel free to contact me via phone or email. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Previous conversation.... 
Email : Andy:   Would you please look into this structure. The intention is to price the structure at the money. The time when they started - the basis diff was 25 cents. I propose to price it as shown below and one at NGI SoCal border minus  IFERC San Juan minus  market price. I have included the LAX (Los Angeles Airport) weather data summary for your info. Please call me if you need additional information. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Dual Structure 
Email : Remember, the General Meeting will be this Saturday at the Doubletree Hotel in San Antonio, 37 Northeast Loop 410 (at McCullough) about 2 miles southwest of SAT. Continental breakfast will be available 9:00 am, the meeting will start at 10:00 am and last until approximately 1:00 pm. There will be door prize drawings as well as 2 raffle drawings. Item 1. Sporty's JD-200 Transceiver  ($400 value)  Item 2. One hour trip in a Piper Meridian turbo-prop aircraft for 2. One up-front flying right seat if you like. ($500 value)   To be confirmed  You are also welcome to join the Board meeting to be held at the same location Friday 7:00 to 10:00  Come out to join your fellow pilots, board of directors and office staff and enjoy the day. thank you   <Sep> Subject :  Saturday San Antonio Meeting 
Email : Andy, UBS has given us a list of open due diligence items made by UBS' Market Risk Group. We would like to have due diligence completed by this evening so that we might sign soon thereafter. Below are the items for which you were identified as NetCo contact. Please let me know the status of this information and send it to me as soon as possible. If you need any assistance from me, do not hesitate to call. 3) Detailed explanation of funding assumptions which would include what  levels the traders expected to receive funding from Treasury and how Treasury  derived both overnight and term internal lending rates. - Andy Zipper  4) A detailed description of how volatility curves are currently being built. Description should include what inputs are used, are outputs consistent with  inputs, and are these curves independently verified by a internal control  group. - Andy Zipper     Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Open due diligence items 
Email : Hi Andy. Here's my suggestion (actually it was yours):  Product 1 Fin Power Swap    Web Visible   Offered Qty: 50  Qty Increment: 5  Min Qty: 5 (or whatever you want to use as a minimum) Product 2 Fin Power Swap   Ghost Product - not web visible  Offered Qty: 200  Qty Increment: 1  Min Qty: 1  Base Link to Product 1 with Bid = 0, Offer = 0, Offset to Last trade of 0 with reset qty of 200  NOT Auto-hedged to Product 1 Product 3 Fin Power Option   Auto-hedged to Product 2. Here's what will happen:  Suppose the option is traded and to hedge it requires a qty of 15. The actual hedge will be against Product 2. Product 2 offered qty will reduce to 185. Since Product 2 is not auto-hedged to Product 1, there will be no impact on the main swap. The prices for Product 2 will always be exactly those of Product 1 since the bid and offer are 0. Note: Eventually, the offered qty for Product 2 will reduce below the amount needed for hedging a particular trade (for instance, if every trade required a hedge qty of 15, then after 13 trades, your remaining qty would be 5). This is not a problem. The hedging model for options allows for not enough volume being available on the swap. The next trade would simply get fully hedged and pop the qty back up to 200. Since it has an offset to last trade of 0, the bid and offer prices would still be those of Product 1. Also Note:  We will have to make sure the power IT guys are prepared to get essentially the same swap (Product 1 and Product 2) under two different product ids. Does this make sense?   <Sep> Subject :  solution for hedging options that doesn't decrement swap volume 
Email : Jay,  It was good to meet you today. As per our conversation in the hallway, Andy Zipper and I would like to get the "Vega Limit" for power options decimalized. Currently we can only take this value down to 1. We would like to have the ability to set this at .1 (point one). Thanks. Rob Stalford 853-6768   <Sep> Subject :  online power option change request 
Email : Hi Andy,  I'm not sure if Andy Lewis explained to you what we were working on with Enron. Basically, our team is responsible for creating a performance simulation to replace Enron's Basic Risk Management course. Along with the simulation, a Knowledge System (series of html pages) will be delivered to each learner. This Knowledge System is a series of topics or "chapters" each consisting of content that will help the learner perform throughout the simulation. Think of this as a encyclopedia, where the learner can go to as a source of reference. Topics include, but are not limited to: Hedging Basics, Risk Identification, Swaps, Options, Commodity Fundamentals, and Accounting & Reporting. I've attached the topic outline for Swaps and the practice exercises and graphics section of the Knowledge System for you to review. (See attached file: Framework Swaps_Final.doc)(See attached file: Swaps Graphic ideas and practices_5.doc)  Sheri and I are responsible for this Knowledge System and would like your help in the Swaps topic. Specifically, we would like you to help us with practice exercises the learner will complete within the Swaps topic and graphic ideas that will also support the content in this topic. In addition, we are hoping you can provide us with some of the questions that is outlined in the topic outline. (see above)  I will still like to meet with you this afternoon at 3:00pm, so let me know what your schedule looks like. Let me know if you have any questions, I can be reached at X5-6687. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Confirmation: Risk Management Simulation Meeting 11/15/01 
Email : Just a reminder that I will be out of the office on Wednesday 11/21/01. If you need assistance, Becky can help you and she can reach me if needed. Ina   <Sep> Subject :  Reminder 
Email : BROADCAST MESSAGE TO ALL PILOTS:  Have a safe and wonderful Thanksgiving. Thank you for all you do for me and Angel Flight. God Bless you and your families at this special time of year.   <Sep> Subject :  pending missions and Thanksgiving wishes 
Email : ONE LAST REMINDER .... PLEASE RSVP BY FRIDAY, NOV 30  Angel Flight South Central would like to invite you to a fly-in BBQ at Giddins-Lee County airport (62H), Saturday December 15th. 12:00 noon to 3:00 pm  Come on out and meet some of your fellow pilot and volunteers helping to make organization a successful one.City meat market will be preparing sausage, brisket, and pork, with potato salad, beans, rolls, and iced tea. To off-set our cost a $5.00 donation would be appreciated. HOW TO GET THERE:   <Sep> Subject :  GIDDINGS BBQ FLY IN  DEC 15 
Email : One of our Arkansas pilots died this week He had signed up in August of 2001 but had not flown a mission for us yet. Details on the memorial forthcoming. Below is correspondence regarding the crash. Be careful out there. Beth,    According to news reports this morning Dr. Jim Arnold and his wife were killed yesterday in the crash of their Cessna Conquest near Arkansas City, KS, leaving two boys ages 5 and 7. That will also effectively remove Stan Sence from the pilot list as he flew Dr. Arnold's other airplane. Don  Beth --   <Sep> Subject :  Angel Flight South Central pilot death 
Email : BROADCAST MESSAGE TO ALL PILOTS:  PLEASE REMEMBER TO CONTACT YOUR PATIENT AS SOON AS YOU RECEIVE THE PAPERWORK, AND AT LEAST 24 HOURS BEFORE THE FLIGHT TO CONFIRM TIME AND PLACE. WE HAVE HAD PATIENTS CALLING IN BECAUSE THEY HAVEN'T HEARD FROM THEIR PILOT YET. ALSO, SOME ARE WORRIED WHEN THEY DON'T HEAR FROM THEIR PILOT AS THE MISSION DATE GETS CLOSE AND THEY ARE FINDING OTHER WAYS TO GET THERE AND ARE CANCELING. I currently have 13 pending missions. If you can fly please call or email the office as soon as possible. 1 for SAT  1. New Orleans to Huntsville, AL (leg 1 of 3 leg mission)  1 for THURS  1. Houston to Jackson, MS  (LEG 2 of 3 leg mission)   PLEASE CHECK THE WEBSITE FOR OTHERS   thank you   <Sep> Subject :  pending missions  SAT  THUR 
Email : Joe Gold has kept you informed of our discussions with NYMEX. Please see First Draft attached of our understanding of this meeting. Joe Robertson of our New York office 001 212 715 5254 is fully aware of our ideas and has (as far as metals are concerned) good contacts at NYMEX. We would suggest that you engage him as the metals futures specialist in your further discussions with NYMEX. We have had some further telecon discussions with NYMEX and will modify this first draft and, of course, send you final copy we transmit to NYMEX. Best regards   <Sep> Subject :  NYMEX Aluminium Market Maker 
Email : Ladies and gentlemen,  A gentle reminder that the pledges you made to Jeff Skilling for the MS150 are now overdue. Kindly send your check, made payable to "NMSS," to me at EB5008a no later than Friday, June 1. Community Relations is handling the matching gift for this event, so there is no need to complete a matching gift form. If you have any questions regarding your pledge, please don't hesitate to call me at x3-5984. Thank you again for your support on this event. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  MS150 pledges 
Email : I just wanted to let everyone know our time line with respect to NGX:  May 31st - Press release to the industry that Enron's information will be included in the NGX Index starting July 1st, 2001 (Rob Milnthorp). June 15th - Enron systems are in place to transfer data to NGX (Andy Zipper & Jay Web). June 30th - NGX is tested and ready to go. July 1st - Enron's data is included!!!! If anyone needs help facilitating this process please coordinate with Chris Lambie (974 - 6780). Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  NGX 
Email : The EnronOnline Audit is scheduled to begin the week of June 4, 2001 and is expected to take approximately two months to complete. The audit will be executed by Arthur Andersen and led by Jennifer Stevenson and Russ Bouwhuis. We will schedule an opening meeting with you the week of  June 4, 2001 to discuss audit scope and any concerns or suggestions you may have. The objective of the audit will be to determine whether procedures and controls exercised over activities are adequate and operating effectively. Results of the audit will be discussed with you and other appropriate personnel both during the audit and at the audit closing meeting. We will endeavor to conduct this audit in a manner that will minimize interruption of your normal business activities and we look forward to working with you and your personnel. Please call me at x5-4554 if have any questions. Mechelle Atwood Director, Enron Assurance Services Enron Wholesale Services   <Sep> Subject :  Enron OnLine Audit Notification 
Email : Andy,  Just finished meeting with Nelson from gas fundies and Martin Lim from power fundies to discuss getting the Exotica libraries migrated ASAP. The best I can get from them is "hopefully tomorrow" as far as a date for migration. They are dealing with the validation of calculation routines between the UBS libraries and the Exotica libraries since Exotica will play a role in pnl calculation. I will follow up on this again tomorrow. I told them that "hopefully tomorrow" was not the answer I was looking for so I would help out in any way. They recognize that we need these libraries loaded on our machines regardless of their validation. Also, Nelson showed me a list of the products that are scheduled for 'day 1' and power options are not on that list. There are a lot of people working with that list to prioritize support so this is just a heads up for you. Later. Rob   <Sep> Subject :  Exotica add-in 
Email : According to the International Coal desk, the three brokers that have expressed interest are:  - TFS - GFI - NatSource  Apparently the desk is not as enthusiastic about NatSource from their perspective, though they would be happy to see the other two getting access. Let me know if I can further assist. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Int'l Coal & Broker Client 
Email : Offline Contact Status - 6/6/01   1. Commerce One C1 is working on a valuation analysis, including customer discussions. A meeting in Austin with Mark Hoffman and Matt Graves is being arranged for Thursday or Friday, 6/21 or 6/22. C1's current position is that the value of an Enron company owning the Offline IPR is $50 - $100 million. 2. Reuters Philippe and Andy are following up with Phil Lynch and others to define a go-forward plan. 3. Sungard Executive meeting being scheduled. Also exploring interest in mid/back office systems and DealBench. 4. SAP Conference call with Brian Bartoldson of SAP Consulting scheduled for this Thursday, 6/7, at 2pm. Brian will provide additional "expert" input to Gary Fromer, who is still trying to sort through the size of the Offline market opportunity. 5. Sun/iPlanet Meeting with John Fowler of Sun M&A scheduled in Houston on Tuesday, 6/12 . Offline will be discussed from 9am - 12:30pm, DealBench from 12:30pm - 3pm. 6. Microsoft Working with Peter Houston, Group Program Manager for Active Directory, to see if he can help us get a meeting in Redmond with the right Microsoft audience. Have been referred to James Utzschneider, one of the Microsoft application product executives. Philippe is working with Microsoft contacts also from the technology side. 7. BEA Initial interest confirmed via conference call last week. Trying to schedule initial meeting for presentation and demo. 8. Siebel Working with Beth Perlman and Joe Wong to establish contact. 9. HP Working with local HP representative, Michael Morrison, to establish contact. 10. TIBCO/Accenture On hold. 11. i2 On hold.   <Sep> Subject :  Latest Offline Contact Status 
Email : Savita  In our testing we have found the inability to manage our wing-strikes risk. The way it works for power markets is that most traders would be unwillling to trade more than 250MW of a wing strike without widening out the bid offer. Similarly the risk at some point can get high enough to suspend wing strikes. In the current option manager, the only possibility is to increase or decrease the ATM suite vol (which has little effect on the wing strikes anyway). For that reason we need a volumetric control for each strike. The volumeteric control could be a toggle which could be turned on or off. If the volumetric control toggle si on, corresponding to each strike, there would be  a maximum volume. If  the strike is hit or lifted by that volume, that strike is automatically suspended and the trader notified. This allows the individual strike risk to be limited. This also allows us to put some less liquid markets out there - where the price discovery is evolving. In those products we can put the volume to be limited at 100 MW for each strike making the risk more manageable. Pls give me a call, so that we can discuss this further. Harry Arora   <Sep> Subject :  Option Manager - extra features 
Email : Andy,  Mark Tawney told me that you are setting up a cross-commodity desk. I think it very interesting. Could you give me more details? Depending on exactly you have in mind, we may be able to help you using weather products. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Cross-commodity desk 
Email : Greg Whalley has requested a Trader's Meeting tomorrow morning @ 7:45 a.m. (CST). The meeting will be held in his office, ECS 06752. The dial-in number for Portland and Calgary is listed below.   <Sep> Subject :  Trader Meeting - 2/7 @ 7:45 a.m. (CST) - ECS 06752 
Email : I attach an updated list (to Feb 5) of the terminated contracts to date. F= or informational purposes, I have added a column that sets out the settleme= nt dates for contracts we have settled, so there may be some additional cou= nterparties added to my previous list where there was no ECC agreed termina= tion date but we have settled and terminated (no one needs to do anything f= or these c/ps). Again, the first table sets forth the physical contracts t= hat have been terminated and the second sets out the financial contracts, a= nd all data reflects ECC's (not the counterparties') perception of the worl= d.  I have vetted my list against Blakes' master list and believe this is a= ccurate in all respects. As I indicated in my previous e-mails to you ther= e were a few date discrepancies and I have previously provided you with the=  corrected dates for El Paso, Marathon, AEC Marketing, Calpine (Encal), Wil= liams Energy and Baytex (all physical), all which are now correctly reflect= ed in the attachment. A few others that were not previously on the list in= clude Coast Energy (physical) which auto terminated on Dec 2 and PrimeWest = Energy (physical) which auto terminated on Dec 2. =20  Thanks   <Sep> Subject :  Terminated Counterparty Contracts 
Email : Further to prior e-mails, I have now confirmed with Blakes that the following c/ps originally had the wrong termination dates set. They have now been corrected to the appropriate dates, all of which were Feb 1, 2002 (John, these are the same ones I identified to you last week). AEC Marketing, physical, gas  - February 1, 2002 Calpine Canada Natural Gas Partnership (Encal) physical, gas - February 1, 2002 El Paso Merchant Energy, physical gas - February 1, 2002 Williams Energy Marketing & Trade Co. - February 1, 2002  Greg   <Sep> Subject :  Termination Dates 
Email : I have updated the list to reflect all changes received. If you notice any more errors or if any counterparties have been reassigned, please let me know so that I can continue to make changes. Also, please see Louise's additions at the bottom of the list (from Adams Resources Marketing downward) and let me know if you have good relationships with any of these counterparties and could please take responsibility for them. Otherwise, our marketing team will be contacting these customers. Finally, please note that even though there may be names for a specific counterparty in both the gas and the power columns, the person ultimately responsible for contacting that customer regarding the password application and registration forms is the person in the PA column on the far right. Please remember when you are speaking to your customers to get all contact info possibly including contact name, phone and fax, e-mail, and address and send all this to Mary Griff Gray so that she can send them the PA and registration forms. Please call me at 5-3614 if you have any questions or come by my desk at 06541. Jennifer McQuade   <Sep> Subject :  Updated List 
Email : The name for the Canadian entity which will enter into both Master Agreements and individual commodity transactions is: "UBS Warburg Energy (Canada) Ltd.", as confirmed by Lou Eber: UBS Chief Legal Counsel. I am working on chasing down the parental guarantee issue. Dave   <Sep> Subject :  Canadian legal entity 
Email : John,  Attached is a spreadsheet that outlines the transactions with the Power Pool today, specifically the $6.95 M that will be withheld as a security deposit for Enron Canada Power Corp. If you have any questions or concerns, please give me a call. <<Enron Security Jan 29 2002.xls>>   <Sep> Subject :  Power Pool 
Email : Hi John,       As per our conversation last week, I just wanted to double check on a potential raise before the deal closes on Friday. I know that more than a few non-promotional raises have been offered and accepted for the transfer to UBS, and I'd like to make absolutely sure that I'm not eligible for one. As Cowan says, potentially the bonus pool may be much bigger next year, which is great, but it's not for sure. And given the promises Enron has dolled out over the years, it doesn't mean that much right now, especially considering it's in UBS's best interest for us not to make a killing in the first year in order to buy out the company at a lower price. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  UBS 
Email : This email is acknowledgement from the Power Pool of Alberta of the change in direct sales/forward contract registration for contracts that are currently registered with the Power Pool between Chevron Canada Resources and Enron Canada Power Corporation for trading after December 29 HE 1 2001. On January 4 the Power Pool received your acknowledgement of Enron's change in the source asset for the direct sales/forward contract registrations for contract # 1947 to modify the source from the Sundance 3 unit (SD3) to Enron's unmetered source asset (ECP-). The modified registration terms will be effective December 29 HE 1 2001 and will apply until the expiry date of the contract registration for net settlement purposes. As for the sink asset related to direct sales/forward contract # 1947, Enron has acknowledged and accepted your change to the sink asset from CH1A to CH1U. This change will be effective January 1, 2002 HE 1 and our systems will be changed today. If you have any questions relating to this matter, please give me a call.   <Sep> Subject :  Power Pool 
Email : This email is acknowledgement from the Power Pool of Alberta of the change in direct sales/forward contract registration for contracts that are currently registered with the Power Pool between Suncor Energy and Enron Canada Power Corporation for trading after December 29 HE 1 2001. On January 4 the Power Pool received your acknowledgement of Enron's change in the source asset for the direct sales/forward contract registrations for contract # 1421 to modify the source from the Sundance 3 unit (SD3) to Enron's unmetered source asset (ECP-). The modified registration terms will be effective December 29 HE 1 2001 and will apply until the expiry date of the contract registration for net settlement purposes. If you have any questions relating to this matter, please give me a call.   <Sep> Subject :  Power Pool 
Email : This email is acknowledgement from the Power Pool of Alberta of the change in direct sales/forward contract registration for contracts that are currently registered with the Power Pool between Lethbridge Ironworks and Enron Canada Power Corporation for trading after December 29 HE 1 2001. On January 7 the Power Pool received your acknowledgement of Enron's change in the source asset for the direct sales/forward contract registrations for contract # 934 to modify the source from the Sundance 3 unit (SD3) to Enron's unmetered source asset (ECP-). The modified registration terms will be effective December 29 HE 1 2001 and will apply until the expiry date of the contract registration for net settlement purposes. In addition, as has been verbally communicated to you, the Power Pool was required to modify a direct sales/forward contract with Enron Canada Power Corporation that was registered with the Power Pool in 2001 due to the sale of the Sundance 3 unit effective December 29 HE 1 2001. The details of these changes are provided below. *********************************** Original Contract Number: 933 Terminated: December 28 HE 24 Source:  Enron Sundance 3 (Enron's metered asset) Sink: LI1L  New Contract Number: 2053 Begin Date: December 29 HE 1 Expiry Date: December 31 HE 24 Source:  Enron ECP- (Enron's unmetered asset) Sink: LI1L  If you have any questions relating to this matter, please give me a call.   <Sep> Subject :  Power Pool 
Email : This email is acknowledgement from the Power Pool of Alberta of the change in direct sales registration for contracts that are currently registered with the Power Pool between your organization and Enron Canada Power Corporation for trading after December 29 HE 1 2001. On January 4 the Power Pool received your acknowledgement of Enron's change in the source asset for the direct sales registrations for contracts 259, 260, 1950 to 1976 (total of 29 contracts) to modify the source from the Sundance 3 unit (SD3) to Enron's unmetered source asset (ECP-). The modified registration terms will be effective December 29 HE 1 2001 and will apply until the expiry date of the contract for net settlement purposes. In addition, as has been verbally communicated to you, the Power Pool was required to modify two of Encore/EPCOR's direct sales contracts with Enron Canada Power Corporation that were registered with the Power Pool in 2001 due to the sale of the Sundance 3 unit effective December 29 HE 1 2001. The details of these changes are provided below. *********************************** Original Contract Number: 148 Terminated: December 28 HE 24 Source:  Enron Sundance 3 (Enron's metered asset) Sink: EA1U  New Contract Number: 2050 Begin Date: December 29 HE 1 Expiry Date: December 31 HE 24 Source:  Enron ECP- (Enron's unmetered asset) Sink: EA1U *********************************** Original Contract Number: 245 Terminated: December 28 HE 24 Source:  Enron Sundance 3 (Enron's metered asset) Sink: ENC+  New Contract Number: 2051 Begin Date: December 29 HE 1 Expiry Date: December 31 HE 24 Source:  Enron ECP- (Enron's unmetered asset) Sink: ENC+ ***********************************  If you have any questions relating to this matter, please give me a call.   <Sep> Subject :  Power Pool of Alberta 
Email : John,  Further to the voice message that I left you, I have recalculated the amount of security that would be required if all of the modified direct sales contracts are acknowledged by noon January 4. The calculations are still a bit rough but I thought this spreadsheet would provide you with something to review. I have used a $35 Pool Price in the calculations. Note the additional tabs in the spreadsheet that detail the hourly generation that the Pool has received for SD3 and SD4 . In determining the actual security required, we will need to review the megawatts in the contracts registered in detail once we have the acknowledgements tomorrow. For simplicity I have assumed that everything is base load and I know this is not correct. Once we know exactly what contracts we are looking at, we can fine tune the calculation. <<December SD3 and SD4.xls>>   <Sep> Subject :  Enron Security 
Email : Make sure that all curves are downloaded by the end of simulation, 11:00 CST, tomorrow. Ideally, the 2/7/02 curves should be marked in the morning prior to simulation. We have been instructed to kick the calculation off as close to 11:00 CST as possible. This is to ensure that ALL downstream systems are able to run through the simulation. Please forward to all applicable traders. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Simulation Curves 
Email : John:  Do you need Accumap day one? Carmen said that it had not been renewed so do you have access to it now? If you do need an account how many and for who? thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  IHS Accumap 
Email : Libby: I finally had a chance to talk to ENA's General Counsel about the  arbitration/courts issue. We would prefer arbitration and ask that you  consider whether this is acceptable to P&G. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  ISDA 
Email : Pam: I saw Janet Greene last week and she said that she was working with you. She  looked great! Can we get together for lunch sometime soon? Let me know some  dates that work for you in the next 1-2 weeks. I'm in the office Tuesday  through Thursday. Everything is going well. Charles is on the verge of walking! I'm now in  the power trading group and loving the work. Hope to hear from you soon.   <Sep> Subject :  How Are Things? 
Email : Mary: I am going to return this file to Stephanie since credit is still deciding  how to proceed given their extensive comments. Could you please reassign  this to someone in the group once it gets going again? Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Casco 
Email : Linda: I wanted to order as a gift for Marcus and Louise a 2 year subscription to  Parents Magazine. Is there some discreet way that you can find out for me  whether they are already getting it? Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Misc 
Email : Suzanne: We have a visitor from SArgentina that will be here this week so please add 1  more to the credit lunch count. Alos, Jason Peters will be attending. Saw  Ric at the Q Saturday morning. Where were you? Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Credit Lunch 
Email : Ed: Rudwell and I would like to talk to you about the form of Trade Guaranty  Agreement that has been sent to us. Specifically, we need some clarification  on how Section 5 works since some new language has been added to the June 1,  1999 form that we received. Please call me at your convenience to discuss  this.   <Sep> Subject :  Trade Guaranty Agreement 
Email : Suzanne: Can you find out when Madonna will be in Philly? We will be there from 6/30  through 7/4 and I was hoping that she would be there at that time. Can you  check for her dates in NY or DC as well? Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Concert 
Email : Suzanne: Please include Jim Crump in the Inland meeting that I need to have with Ken  Curry. He would like to meet as early on Tuesday as possible as he will be  travelling later on Tuesday. His assistant's name is Dora Trevino. Does Ken  Curry have an assistant that can access his calendar? If not, why don';t you  get a time that works for Jim and me and leave Ken a voice mail message so he  can get back to you on Monday. We need about 1 hour. thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Inland Meeting 
Email : Mary and Sara: I spoke with Lech about the Article 9 questions. He is going to send me some  articles that they have written which I will send to you. He alos  confirmed that the cash perfection issue has not changed  under new Article 9  although his view on it was that this type of collateral under the UCC is  more like a deposit account than "money" which, under common law principles,   gets perfected through the exercise of dominion and control over the cash. Under the new Article 9, deposit accounts are covered and the new Article 9  codifies the common law control test. e alos expressed a view that It may  take longer than July 1st for NY to adopt the new Article 9.   <Sep> Subject :  Article ( 
Email : After our meeting yesterday, I asked Mark Taylor whether under the revised  version of the CEA there was any restriction on one's ability to cash settle  physical transactions. He confirmed that so long as the parties to the  transaction are "Eligible Contract Participants", then there is no  restriction and our physical contracts can expressly permit cash settlement. Enclosed is a summary of the ECP definition.   <Sep> Subject :  Csah Out Option 
Email : Mark, Sara and Mary: Jim would like to talk to someone about problems he is having with his  customers concerning the ISDA and CSA forms. Apparently, most of his  customers feel that it is too complicated and Jim would like to see if any  alternatives exist. Could someone please contact him? Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Pulp/Paper 
Email : Susan: Here are the final versions of the Guaranty and Transfer Agreement which you  can finalize with Russell (dates etc.) once we are ready to sign. As soon as  I get answers to the 2 questions I had on his comments I will give you his  mark-up so that we can wrap this up. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  UtiliCorp 
Email : Rhonda: Enclosed is a clean and marked version of the MEGA Assignment. Is the plan  to confirm these trades under the existing Master with Morgan until a new EEI  Master is executed? What is the cutoff date for this assignment?   <Sep> Subject :  MEGA assignment 
Email : Joe, Jeff an Bob: Here is a summary of those counterparties that have had specific objections  to our new form of Annex A:  1. Sithe Energy - wants New York law to apply  2. Voest-Alpine Intertrading USA, Inc. - won't agree to the setoff  language. Credit should be consulted prior to any further trades to see if  they are okay with this given our relationships with this entity. 3. Madison Gas & Electric - will not agree to the "or otherwise" language in  the setoff language. Again, this is a credit issue. 4. Cargill - wouldn't review the new language because we are close to getting  a master in place with them. Sara expects this to happen in the next few  days. 5. Idacorp Energy Solutions, L.P. -  same as Cargill. I am working on this  one and their attorney owes me a response. This one may take a few weeks. 6. Formosa Plastics - this is the counterparty that sent the threatening  letter. It didn't appear from our records that we have traded financial  derivatives with them recently. 7. General Electric Company - won't accept the chnages and have failed to  tell me specifically what they object to. I will continue to follow up with  their attorney. 8. Basin Exploration, Inc. - same as General Electric. 9. TransMontaigne Product services Inc. - sent letter out on March 30 saying  they would respond in 30 days and I have never heard back from them. I will  follow up with their attorney. 10. Reliant - they didn't accept the new language that we added as clause (z)  to Section 3(e) and wanted to deal with this differently in the confirmation  as a trigger that would give us the right to call for collateral. Credit  should be alerted. 11. Devon Energy - they had in the past requested more time to review Annex A  and when I followed up with them last week, they still didn't have a response. 12. Smurfit - Stone Container - same as Devon energy. 13. Public Service Gas & Electric Company - we are close to finalizing an  ISDA with them. If we do any trades with them before one is signed they have  requested chnages in few areas to match what we have agreed to in the iSDA  negotiations. I can prepare a mark-up.   <Sep> Subject :  Additions to Special Handling List 
Email : Suzanne: Could you please go into the following Shari Stack files and print out all of  the docs that are in these files? WSPP Agt. Municipality Info  Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Docs 
Email : Cass: I can play at 9 on Sat. as Arthur doesn't play until Noon. Also, I'm  considering getting my hair highlighted. What does Tina charge for  color/highlighting ballpark?   <Sep> Subject :  Tennis 
Email : David and Louise: One of the things that Organic has asked us to keep confidential is "the  existence of any business discussions, negotiations or agreements between the  parties as well as any information regarding the skills and compensation of  employees, contractors or other agents of the disclosing party." This is a  departure from our form. Are we prepared to agree to this? Also, to the  extent that parties are insisting on using their form of CA, what do you want  the approval process to be? Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Organic Confidentiality Agreement 
Email : John: Thanks for your voice mail message. I will wait to hear back from either you  or John M. before I respond to Reliant on our issues list. I do agree with  you on all of the points that they need to address. On the Event of Default  issue, do you think that Janet Greene's proposed language to the "null and  void" sentence as well as the drawing certificate works? I was concerned  that the language "Event of Default under the Confirm" may lead to some  confusion as to what Events of default are covered. What do you think?   <Sep> Subject :  Misc 
Email : Sara: I have asked the HR folks to coordinate with Taffy in setting up 2 interviews  for you and I with 2 potential candidates - Samantha Boyd and Dixie Gibson  Meynier. Samantha's resume look pretty good. I will send you copies. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Legal assistant Candidates 
Email : Jack: Jim Crump met with Mike Sullivan and Julie Beck yesterday and it appears as  if based on the e-mails that we have exchanged that the next step is to have  a conference call to finalize the ISDA and the remaining open issues. What I  plan to do by tomorrow is circulate a redraft of the Schedules. Julie and  Mike agreed that David Turpin should partic ipate in the call so that all  open issues can be resolved. Could you please contact my assistant, Suzanne  Adams, at 713-853-7340 and give her some days and times next week that you  and David are available. I would think that we would only need an hour. I  plan to have Ken Curry, my credit person, with me for the call. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Status 
Email : Sara: I have never had one executed. Here are the forms of Annexes that I have  used, 1 with the PSA Form (Chase 1/29/98) and the other with the ISMA form. Also I'm sending you some questions that I have asked Kinneman et al in the  past. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Repos 
Email : Sarah: I just wanted to thank you for the time and effort that you have spent on my  behalf in trying to resolve this ratings situation. I know that Bill S. is  still trying to plead my case today with Cindy Benson, but I am afraid that  the damage was done when Memorial's team captain voiced her objection. Why  do you think that she did what she did and won't this happen again when we  play them? I look forward to hearing from you.   <Sep> Subject :  Misc 
Email : Ed: I spoke with our credit people today. We would like to arrange a call to  discuss our concerns about Section 5 of the Guaranty with me, our credit  people, your counsel and your credit person or someone that can make a  decision if we propose a change to the Guaranty. Can you let me know who  these people are (and their phone numbers) so that we can arrange a call? We  understand fully your need for the Section 5 language, but we would like to  explore with your people whether your concerns can be addressed in a  different manner. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Status 
Email : Brant: There is one issue that is left to resolve. In the CSA, we define  independent amount as any amount specified for a party in any Confirmation or  if no amount is specified, 0. They wnat to either delete this entirely or  add language requiring some type of notice to the credit dept. of the party  that has to put up the independent amount before it becomes effective. What  do you want to do? Carol   <Sep> Subject :  UtiliCorp 
Email : Susan: Could you please ask Joe Hunter to fax some recent confirms that we have done  with Torch. I want to see if they contain Market Disruption language. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Torch 
Email : Russell: Our credit person is okay with deleting the Independent Amount definition. Susan will make all the changes and coordinate with you in getting this  signed up hopefully sometime this week. Thanks for your help on this. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Status 
Email : Derek: We are ready to roll out to our counterparties the new Annex A.  I have not  received any calls from Canadian counterparties. Do you have any remianing  issues or concerns about this? Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Annex A 
Email : Jack: Enclosed is a new draft of the Schedules marked against the previous draft. I believe that this draft responds to most of the issues raised in your  e-mails. Just a few additional thoughts:  1. Since we will be redoing all of the existing confirms to refer to this  Master, I did not change the language that states that conflicts between the  Confirms and the Agreement are resolved in favor of the Confirm. I think  that the language as written works. 2. On the setoff language, when we are the Non-Defaulting Party, we can only  pull in other agreements between our affiliates and inland so I don't see how  this language would impact any agreements between ENA and guaranty Bank  unless Inland is the Non-Defaulting party. 3. With respect to Disruption Fallbacks, our view is that if the Confirm  specifies a Fallback reference Price that after Postponement, you would use  that price if available. I think that the language works as drafted. 4. On cash collateral, the Qualified institution concept only applies when  the non-posting party is a Defaulting party or has a Credit rating below the  threshold. Otherwise the non-posting party can hold the collateral and do  whatever it wants to with it. Your are correct that in practice this cash  gets commingled with corporate funds and swept into the party's bank account  but there is no requirement taht it work that way. We look forward to having a call with your group next week. Please e-mail me  with some days and times so that I can alert our people. thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  New Draft 
Email : Paul: Just a few questions for you on the revised EEI master that we received from  Engage today:  1. I just want to confirm that the collateral thresholds should be 9 million. 2. They want to have Section 8.1(b) and 8.2(b) apply which requires a party  to post collateral if the other party believes that its creditworthiness is  unsatisfactory. 2. In our Schedule, we delete the 3 day cure period for an event of default  that occurs as a result of a Guarantor's non-payment. They want the cure  period. do you care? 3. In Section 5.7, each party can suspend performance if a Potential Event of  Default or an Event of Default occurs. They want to delete Potential Event of  Default. 4. They want to extend the right to dispute invoices and to request  adjustments to statements or payments from 12 months to 18 months. 5. They want to change the consent to assignments standard from being able to  withhold consent in one's sole discretion to being able to withhold consent  only when it is reasonable to do so. I look forward to hearing from you.   <Sep> Subject :  Engage 
Email : Keith: I am okay with the arbitration and non-exclusive jurisdiction language as  currently written as I understand that these concepts were previously agreed  to between you and Mary. Here is my understanding of the remaining open  issues:  1. Whther termination is automatic or elective on bankruptcy. You are  considering our request to make it elective. 2. Loss vs. Market Quotation. We are considering whther we can accept your  proposed language. 3. Time period for posting collateral. You are considering how long you need. 4. Cash collateral. I am checking with our office in Canada about this. 5. MAC clause - you are considering whther this should be an Additional  Termination Event with the ability to cure by posting collateral or an event  that reduces the collateral threshold to zero. 6. Default rate definition -  Ed is considering what we can accept in lieu of  the ISDA definition. 7. No Fault Termination - we are considering whether we can accept this. 8. Credit thresholds and Rounding amounts - you and Ed to discuss. 9. Acceptable LC Issuers - Ed to consider whther limiting it to US and  Schedule 1Canadian banks with a certain credit rating is sufficient with  language that the parties can agree to add foreign banks. Let me know if I misstated and of the above issues. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  ISDA Matters 
Email : Mr. Brown: At Laird's request, I am forwarding to you a draft if the ISDA and CSA  Schedules. We need more information from you concerning our counterparty  such as exact legal name, type of entity, state/country of incorporation  etc. as apparently we could not tell from the financials what type of entity  it is. This may require some changes to the enclosed drafts, but nothing  major. We look forward to hearing from you after you have had a chance to  review the enclosed drafts.   <Sep> Subject :  ISDA and CSA Schedules 
Email : Mike: I work with Sara Shackleton and she has asked me to try and complete the  negotiation of the ISDA Master that we are trying to put in place with your  company. Could you please call me at 713-853-3989 so we can discuss where  things stand? Thanks. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  ISDA Negotiations 
Email : Christian: I sent out the Schedules to Jeff Brown by e-mail and faxed him and Laird the  preprinted ISDA and CSA. Ed Sacks seems to think that they are a German  company. I have asked then for more information. Laird is hot to get this  "signed up" on Monday. I am out on Monday but if necessary, Sara or Mary  Cook can help you. Marie Heard is the legal assistant. I will be checking  my voice mail messages but will be out of pocket from Noon-5 on Monday.   <Sep> Subject :  Knauf 
Email : Kal: As we discussed, enclosed is a draft of the letter. Please review and make  sure that I have accurately described what will take place and if you find  acceptable, please forward on. If any changes need to be made please call me  at 33989. carol   <Sep> Subject :  Letter 
Email : Tanya: Some of the people in your group may not be aware of the latest forms that we  use for the Enron Guaranty, the Counterparty Guaranty and the letter of  credit form that we use for the ISDA, Omnibus, Industrial Master and Deemed  ISDA forms. enclosed are those forms. We will discuss them with the group  tomorrow, but could you circulate them to the group? Alos, in light of all  of the counterparty visits taht are occurring, should we send to the group a  form of confidentiality agreement taht they can send to the counterparty? The practice lately has been for us to see the counterparty form and our  preference would be to use our form. Let me know what you think. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Forms 
Email : Jaime: I spoke with our counsel in Mexico today and they are beginning the process  of analyzing the online issues for us. I hope to be able to have a call with  me, you and them sometime next week where we can answer whatever questions  they have and maybe get a preliminary indication from them as to what our  online issues may be. Who from the online side should I involve? Alos, are  there any days next week in which you would not be available? Could you alos  e-mail me with your direct phone number and fax number? Our counsel's name  is Jose Raz-Guzman.   <Sep> Subject :  Update 
Email : Tana: Jose is helping us out with some research of online issues in Mexico. Could  you please e-mail to him the Password Application, the ETA and the financial  and physical GTC's? Thanks. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Hello 
Email : Gary: Mark Taylor and I are getting a bunch of these EOL notices but can't seem to  get into them to see what they are when we click on them. Can you help us  out? Amita suggested that I contact you. Carol ext. 33989   <Sep> Subject :  EOL Notices 
Email : Ann: Are you still working on sending us a new draft of the ETA amendment? Our  folks have been asking about it. I will be leaving to go on maternity leave  in about 3-4 weeks and if there is anyway that we can reach closure on this  before then, taht would be great.   <Sep> Subject :  Update 
Email : Jaime: Just wanted to update you on the call that I had this morning with Jose and  Pablo. As a general matter, I think that we are going to be okay with  offering physical and financial derivative products to Mexican counterparties  online. They are in the process of reviewing the online documents and will  get back to me sometime next week with any thoughts or recommendations. One  area that we will need to be careful in is in how we market Enron Online for  there are restrictions in connection with the offering of "securities". While it is fairly clear that commodity based derivatives are not securities   there may be other products where it is not so clear cut. I think that it  would be very helpful if you would send to Jose and Pablo the Online  materials (i.e, brochures etc.) that we would plan to send to prospective  counterparties so that we can make sure that our marketing efforts don't  violate any restrictions taht we would be subject to. Here is their address:   <Sep> Subject :  Update 
Email : Pablo and Jose: Thanks for the update. Based on the marketing information that you received  from us yesterday, are there any restrictions on our folks in Mexico going  forward with their marketing efforts? If so, please advise. Prior to  receiving you written advice, would it be possible to schedule a call maybe  on Wednesday of next week with myself and Jaime so that we can at least  outline any potential online issues, both in connection with our marketing  efforts and in connection with the online documents that you are reviewing? I  am available anytime after 2:30 (Houston time) on Wednesday and I am wide  open on Thursday.   <Sep> Subject :  Update 
Email : Don: Can you give me an idea of where things stand on the Transfer Agreement? I  think that we were just waiting for you to get signed up correctly on Enron  Online. I will be going on maternity leave shortly and just wanted to figure  out how much I could get done before I leave.   <Sep> Subject :  Update 
Email : Susan: I spoke with Brant today and confirmed that the entity that he wanted to add  to the Enron Guaranty in the second whereas clause does need to be added. Please check with Russell Martinson to confirm the entities name. Thanks. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Utilicorp 
Email : Fred: I'm going to instruct RMS to send the $40,000 to NationsBank of Texas, N.A.,  Account No. 3750494727, ABA Routing No. 111000012. This is what is in our  Master with them. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  RMS 
Email : Trina: Could you please make sure that Susan Bailey, a legal assistant in our group,  gets copies of all of the Raptor docs so that we can keep a file in our  group. Ideally, we should get originals of all of the swap docs but I don't  know if that's possible. I just want to make sure that I don't have to go  through Scott to get anthing if you know what I mean. Susan's extension is  34737. Could you also e-mail the latest closing list so that she can keep  track of what was signed? Thanks. Carol  P.S. Spoke with Kristina last night and she said that she had a great time  in Arizona. Hopefully I can make the next trip. Also, when you are in the  neighborhood, stop by my office. I have a great picture of our son that I  would like to share with you from the last ultrasound!   <Sep> Subject :  Project Raptor 
Email : Stacy: John had asked me to review a form of Guaranty from Alberta Energy Company  Ltd.  As it turns out, the Guarantor will be the counterparty on all  financial trades so this Guaranty will only support physical deals done by  Alberta's affiliates. I had commented on it and they had responded. Could  you please take a look at their response and coordinate with John on this? Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Alberta Energy Guaranty 
Email : Suzanne: If Bill gets his act together I will hand you an invitation to our party  tomorrow, but here are the details:  Saturday, April 22, 5-7. If you have  some time, please stop by this afternoon and hopefully I can narrow down what  I want to order. Alos, have you had any kluck in getting some Enron stuff  for my JA class? Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Misc Stuff 
Email : Brant Per our discussions, here is what the Oneok folks want to do. 1. We currently have 2 Masters - one with KN Marketing LP (now known as Oneok  Energy Marketing & Trading Company, LP) and one with Oneok Gas Marketing  Company. Pursuant to the Guaranty that you just received, both Masters are  currently guaranteed by Oneok Inc. In addition, both Masters are currently  guaranteed by Enron Corp. under a $15,000,000 Guaranty for Onoek Gas and a  $10, 000,000 Guaranty for KN. 2. The Oneok folks want Oneok Gas Marketing to assign all trades and its  Master to KN Marketing LP and to terminate the KN Marketing LP Master. When  all is said and done, there will be one Master with KN Marketing LP and all  trading activity will be with this entity. As I mentioned to you, the Master  that will remain in place has no Credit Support Annex. How much should the  Enron Guaranty be for? Call me if you have any questions. Susan, Could you please prepare an assignment and Termination Agreement for this. Brant will let us know if any amendments need to be made to the Oneok Master. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  KN Marketing and Onoek 
Email : Elizabeth and Leslie: I received a call from UtiliCorp's counsel yesterday and he was asking  questions about how we would structure an option with respect to power. He  was describing an financial  option that could be settled physically and was  wondering who the counterparty on our side would be. Would or can we do such  an option and if so, would ENA or EPMI be the counterparty? Carol   <Sep> Subject :  UtiliCorp 
Email : Paul Henry on the weather desk informed me that they have agreed with one of  our counterparties to terminate a deal. I've asked for a copy of the  confirm. Could one of you please e-mail to me this morning a form of dela  termination letter that we can send to the counterparty? Thanks. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Cancellation of Weather Deal 
Email : Peggy: I work in the ENA legal group  - financial trading section. One of our legal  assistants recently left our group and I was wondering if you might be  interested in interviewing for this position. I received a copy of your  resume from Joyce Dorsey. If you are interesred, could you please call me at  33989? Thanks. carol   <Sep> Subject :  Legal assistant Position 
Email : Susan: Plaese set up a call next week with their legal and credut people to discuss  their comments. Please include Rod Nelson and Jason Peters on our side. Taffy has access to my schedule. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Dresdner Bank 
Email : Stacy: I left on your chair the commnets to the amendment agreements. Could you  please confirm with Lisa that it makes sense to have the additional  bankruptcy termination enevts as "automatic" triggers in your document when  in the fianncial master it is drafted as an election. Please e-mail the  revised agreement to KCS' counsel - Zachary May and copy Harry Stout. Zachary's e-mail is zachary.may@weil.com and Harry Stout's is  hls@KCSEnergy.com. Thanks and call me if you have any questions. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  KCS 
Email : Rhett: We are in the process of negotiating an ISDA with this counterparty which is  a German Bank and is not a Multibranch Party. We just received their  comments to our ISDA Schedule and they raised the following tax issues:  1. They have deleted the Section 3(f) rep in our Schedule and inserted  "none". 2. In our tax forms section, they have deleted our language and added  language that only requires them to give to us a Form 4224 in connection with  payments received by them under the ISDA that are attributable to the conduct  of a business in the US. 3. They have modified the definition of "Indemnifiable Tax" to include taxes  imposed as a result of a Change in Tax Law by an authority in the  jurisdiction of the payee, unless the payor is located in such jurisdiction . I will send you their mark-up but I need your advice on how to handle these  comments. Thanks. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Dresdner Bank 
Email : Sara: I met with David Dupre to discuss issues relating to unsigned confirms and  apparently Williams is one of our biggest offenders. Do you know why they  are not signing? Also, are we planning on talking about this next Friday? Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Williams 
Email : Russell: Our confirms desk has informed me that Aquila Risk Management has not been  executing confirmations that are sent to them and apparently the reason for  this was that they ere waiting for the Utilicorp Master to be put in place. Now that we have completed the Master, is there some way that we can get  these confirms executed? I will send you a list of deals shortly, but I'm  assuming that given the language that we have in the Master that there should  be no problem in signing the existing confirms that reference the existing  Aquila Master. I look forward to hearing from you. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Unsigned Confirmations 
Email : Jeff: Were the following points considered or discussed prior to them turning the  last draft? The cross default langugae still does not work. Why was the  threshold lowered to $50,000,000? Alicia: What are your thoughts on this? Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Swap Assignment Agreement - April 20 Draft 
Email : Sara: Thanks for your voice mail message. David Dupre and I have not done all that  much to date. He is in the process of compiling information for all  counterparties (online and offline) who are not signing confirms. I have  asked him to group these counterparties according to total outstanding  exposure so that we can priortize our efforts. I think that the main issues  to cover on Friday involve:  1. The effect of not getting signed confirms when we have our standard  langugae in the confirm or in the ISDA and whether it makes adifference as to  whether NY or Texas law applies. 2. Possible alternative approaches that we can suggest to counterparties. For example, in some cases, a counterparty is sending us a letter attaching a  list of the deals that they have done with us and stating that they agree  with the terms of such deals. I'll have David D. send up a sample. 3. Whether our concerns are greater or lesser when we do trades online. I'm available anytime to talk about the above. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Confirms Issues 
Email : To whom it may concern: This morning I filled at an online registration form for Camp Enron for my  son Arthur for the June 26-30 and July 10-14 sessions. I wish to confirm  your receipt of my application. I also wanted to know who I should send the  release form to. My phone number is 713-853-3989 and my e-mail address is  Carol.St.Clair@enron.com. Thank you.   <Sep> Subject :  Camp Registration 
Email : Joe: I need your help regarding the above counterparties  As you probably know, at  the holding company level, BT and Deutsche merged so that now bankers Trust  is a subsidiary of Deutsche Bank AG. ENA has a Master with BT and we are  negotiating one with Deutsche. Their attorney informed me today that it was  his understanding that all new trades should be confirmed with Deutsche  Bank. Here is what I need to know:  1. The date of the last trade that we confirmed with BT. 2. The date of the first trade that we have confirmed with Deutsche. 3. A copy of the Deutsche confirm that we are being sent. Thanks for your help.   <Sep> Subject :  Deutsche Bank and Bankers Trust 
Email : Jeff: Alicia and I will get back to you with a mark-up with our thoughts on this  since some of the langugae appears to be different from what is in the  Revolver. Alicia thought that maybe this langugae came from Condor. My  objective here is to make sure that there is some good precedent for this  language and that this deal does not create a new standard. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Cross Default Langugae 
Email : Sheri: Our swaps group meeting is at 10 on Wednesday so I cannot make the second  half of the Training Session. Could you please coordinate with Suzanne on  another time? Again, I just need to take the second part of the class. thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Lotus Notes Training 
Email : Rod and Brant: I finally received their revised draft of the Schedules. They are still  insisting on an Additional Termination Event that gets triggered if there is  a MAC. As defined, MAC means a rating that is below BBB- OR Baa3 or failure  to have a rating from either S&P OR Moody's. I need your guidance on this. MAC as defined in the CSA  which triggers the threshold going to zero works  the same way. I seem to recall that from a credit standpoint, we were okay  with a MAC that would be triggered if either rating fell. Is that correct? Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Idacorp 
Email : Russell: Since late 1998, we have been trying to put in place a Master between ENA and  the above counterparty. We currently have a Master dated July 1997 between  ECC and Pancanadian Petroleum Limited and Pancanadian wants to pretty much  duplicate this Master. Here are the credit terms of the late 1998 drfat that  we sent them which I need for you to tell me are still okay:   No Credit Support Providers Cross Default - $50,000,000 for ENA and $25,000,000 for them Additional Event of Default - occurrence of a MAC and the failure to provide  Perfprmance Assurance in accordnace with annex A.  MAC is defined as   Enron's rating going below BBB- and their Net Worth falling below  $133,000,000 opr their Funded Debt to Net Worth being more than 1 to 1 They want to defined the "control" concept in Affiliate as ownership of more  than 50% of equity. This term is used in the Setoff language and limits the  possible  entities that could be Affiliates on our side and their side Forms of collateral are cash and LC's Collateral Thresholds are $10,000,000 for us and $3,500,000 for them  Let me know what you think. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Pancanadian Energy Services 
Email : Rod: I found my file and here is where things stand:  1. On cross default threshold, they wanted it to be the same as the  collateral threshold but my notes indicate that they were okay leaving it at  $100,000. 2. In lieu of receiving financials from them, we had agreed to accept  quarterly and annual Lease Operating Statements. Did I use the correct  term? Do we need a definition for this or is it understood what these  statements are? I am also assuming that they are internally prepared. Is  that correct? My notes indicate that these would be provided within 90 days  after quarter end. 3. We agreed to a collateral threshold for them of $500,000. 4. For the MAC trigger, is the only test the Net Cash Flow/Revenue test and  if so, what would trigger the MAC? Are there other triggers? We used to  have Funded Debt/Partners Capital, EBITDA Coverage Ratio and Minimum Partners  Capital tests. Alos, here are my proposed definitions:  Cash Flow means Net Income plus depreciation and non-cash charges minus  capital expenditures as shown on the income statement. Net Income means gross revenues and other proper income credits, less all  proper income charges, including taxes on income. Revenue is cash received from the sale of oil, gas and plant products. Should there be references to the Lease Operating Statements in these  definitions? 5. All Performance Assurance would be rounded up to multiples of $10,000. This is all that I have. Let me know what you think. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  SG Interests V 
Email : Mark: Could you please take a quick look at this too and let me know if  you have  any comments? I'm at 33989. Thanks. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Domain name transfer agreement 
Email : Jason: Could you help me review this? I thought that given your review of some of  the other agreements that you might have some helpful suggestions about what  to look out for from our standpoint. I have sent a copy of this to Mark  Holsworth. Thanks. If we need to sit down with Mark Tawney and ask him  questions about what this should cover, let me know. carol   <Sep> Subject :  Domain name transfer agreement 
Email : Rob: I am faxing to you our comments to the latest drafts of Schedules. Our  credit person has agreed to make the MAC trigger as an additional Termination  Event so long as (1) we limit the trigger to the S&P rating; (2) we provide a  cure concept that the non-Affected Party controls subject to a cap; and (3)  we remove the MAC trigger from the collateral threshold definition. I have  included some proposed language. Also, with respect to the partnership  agreement, I seem to recall that you were reluctant to send us a copy as we  traditionally review LP agreements as a part of our due diligence. Is that  still the case? I like what you did on the Termination Event but we need  some comfort that you cannot alter or narrow the GP's liability that is  provided by statute. Could you please give that some thought and we can talk  further about it? Tomorrow is bad for me to talk but the rest of the week after tomorrow looks  good if you have some time. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Comments 
Email : Shari: I am negotiating an ISDA with Dresdner Bank and I have the following  questions concerning their mark-up of the FX/Currency Option language:  1. In the EMU Protocol language they want to add a reference to Section 6. I'm not sure why but wanted your thoughts on this. Are there any  circumstances under which we do not adopt the Protocol provisions? 2. They want to define the FX Definitions as the 1998 FX and Currency Option  Definitions as amended and supplemented by the 1998 ISDA Euro Definitions. Is this okay? What is the effect of this? Should we change our form to do  this? With respect generally to the FX and Currency Option Definitions, as a  general rule are they always incorporated by reference into the terms of any  FX and Currency Option transaction even if it is electronically confirmed? They wanted to add language to that section of our form specifically stating  this. Thanks in advance for your help. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  FX/Currency Option Questions 
Email : Russell: Here is what their letter should say to us:  Reference is made to the Guaranty Agreement dated as of September 1, 1998  from American Central Gas Companies, Inc. ("Guarantor") for the benefit of  Enron North America Corp. ("Enron"). By letter addressed to you dated April  6, 2000 (the "Termination Letter"), Guarantor terminated its obligations  under the Guaranty. The purpose of this letter is to notify Enron that such  Termination Letter is null and void such that no termination of the Guaranty  by Guarantor has occurred. In addition, Guarantor hereby agrees to amend the  Guaranty by (1) changing the amount set forth in Section 1(b) from $1,000,000  to $2,000,000 and (2) by changing the text of the fourth paragraph in Section  6 to read as follows:  "This Guaranty shall terminate on the date (such date  being the "Termination Date") that is the earlier of (a) July __, 2000 or (b)   <Sep> Subject :  American Central 
Email : Steve: Here is what I have found out from our credit and confirms people. We are  still confirming all trades with BT. Further, when our credit person spoke  with yours, they indicated that this would continue until a Master with DB is  put in place. Is all of this consistent with what you have heard?   <Sep> Subject :  BT Trades 
Email : John: I was reviewing an amendment that Susan bailey was working on concerning the  ISDA Master between ECC and Petro Canada and wanted to make sure that you  were comfortable leaving as is the following provisions that are in the  Schedules:  1. They have amended the definition of Specified Indebtedness. I'm not sure  I understand  why if we have a threshold amount they need the first part of  the language and wanted your thoughts on this. Alos, does the second part of  the language need to be updated or revised in any manner? 2. They have deleted the concept of Credit event Upon Merger. 3. They have added to Specified Transaction a Physical Master Agreement which  makes this part of the cross default to specified transaction Event of  Default trigger. Should we specify a threshold? 4. They have added an additional termination event that contains some unusual  ratings triggers. For example, are we rated by the 2 bond rating services  that they describe, and if not, doesn't that trigger clause (2) of this  additional Termination Event? I don;'t think the cure language works and I  don't understand how it works with the collateral threshold since the trigger  for that to go to zero is something else. 5. I'll just note that setoff rights do not currently apply if there is a  Termination Event that is caused by Tax Event or Tax Event Upon Merger. 6. In the CSA, we have permitted cash and government securities which I think  is problematic given our general rule in Canada that we only take LC's. 7. There is a Minimum Transfer Amount of $500,000. Please call me when convenient to discuss further. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Petro Canada 
Email : Michael: I thought that you should be aware of this Transfer Agreement since it  involves EEL. Mark Holsworth has reviewed it and I am taking a look at it. If you have any thoughts or questions, please call me. Hope all is going  well with you and the group. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Domain name transfer agreement 
Email : Mark: Can you give me a sense of when you think Margaux will close? The only  reason I'm asking is because I will be taking maternity leave at some point  in time in the next 2-21/2 months and I want to make sure that if necessary,  I get someone else involved. Hope all is going well. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Margaux 
Email : Mark: Enclosed is a revised draft of the Domain Transfer Agreement with my comments  and questions inserted. Please call when convenient to discuss. Have you  heard from Mark Palmer yet? Alos, Mark Haedicke asked me to let John  Lavorato know that we were entering into this Agreement and I will leave him  with a voice mail today. Carol    Michael: Do you have any comments? Also, are you okay with NY law and should we add  an arbitration provision?   <Sep> Subject :  Domain Transfer Agreement 
Email : Susan and Susan: Could someone make sure that you check Marie's chair this week while she is  gone for anything that needs to be acted on before she gets back? Thanks. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Marie Heard's Work 
Email : Scott: Mark Holsworth suggested that I send this draft Agreement to you which  provides for Enron's transfer of the domain name weather-desk.com. I am  particular concerned about our ability to make the reps in Section 3. What I  am sending you reflects our comments to the other party's draft. I look  forward to hearing from you.   <Sep> Subject :  Domain Name Transfer Agreement 
Email : David: Enclosed for your review is a draft amendment letter for the above  counterparty. All of the requested chnages are driven by the fact that BPA  is a federal agency. I look forward to hearing from you. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Bonneville Power Administration 
Email : Taffy: Could you please schedule a meeting for next week for our entire group  (including Jason Peters) for 11/2 hours to go over changes that need to be  made to our forms? It might be nice given the amount of time to schedule  around the lunch hour and order lunch. Thanks. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Forms Meeting 
Email : Does anyone know why in our form of LC we have language that seems to qualify  Section 13(b) of the UCP which sets forth the amount of time that the issuing  bank has to honor drafts? I don't see anywhere in our form where we modify  this Section. Here ios the current version that we are using. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  LC Question 
Email : David: Enclosed is a draft of the GPU Energy ETA amendment letter. Leslie Hansen is  working with them on the "affiliate" issue so there may be more to add to  it. Please let me know if you are okay with these amendments. carol   <Sep> Subject :  GPU Energy Amendment Letter 
Email : John: As we discussed, here is a draft of a proposed amendment letter which covers  the issues that we talked about. Depending upon how Leslie handles the  affiliate issue, more may be added to this. Alos, as I ,mentioned to you,  this needs to be approved by the head of our Online group before I can sign  off on it. I am in the process o getting that approval. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Draft Amendment Letter 
Email : Sara: Here are the final forms of Annex A for ENA and ECC. Susan: Please make sure that these are put into the form bank. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Annex A - Final Forms 
Email : Susan: In preparation for our forms meeting next week could you please have your  secretary prepare sets of the latest versions of the following for the group  (Jason included):  1. ISDA Schedule  2. CSA Schedule plus LC provisions 3. Industrial Master  4. Annex A  - ENA and ECC 5. Annex B to Omnibus Form (include all collateral variations) 6. Canadian and US Tax Annexes 7. Guaranty Form    Did I miss any forms that we should talk about? If they could be distributed by Monday  - Noon, that would be great. Thanks. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Forms Meeting 
Email : Maria and Adele: I am embarrassed to say that our fax dept. misplaced the fax that I sent to  you with my comments. Could you please fax it back to me before our call?   <Sep> Subject :  Missing Fax 
Email : David: Enclosed is a new draft of the Kennecott amendment letter. Mark and I have  discussed the counterparty termination language and have come up with the  language that I have high;lighted. Upon your approval, I plan to use the  same language for the Duke and Cinnergy letters.   <Sep> Subject :  Kennecott ETA Amendment Letter 
Email : Susan: I hope to finalize the Master today on our conference call. Could you please  start pulling together the ENA and Enron Corp certificates? They are alos  requesting a W-9. I would like to have all of these ready and executed by  this time next week. I will send you the Enron Guaranty after it has been  finalized. Thanks. Call if you have any questions. My contacts there are  Adele Raspe and Maria Salvatore, her legal assistant. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  PSE&G 
Email : Susan: I would like to talk to you briefly next week sometime about what in your  opinion would be the best way to train the new legal assistant that we plan  to hire. In particular, could you give some thought as to what worked the  best for you and what didn't work. I will keep whatever you say  confidential. I also have discussed with Mark that I want you to play a  significant role in the training process given the outstanding progress that  you have made in the last year. Could you also give that some thought and  let me know what you think? Thanks. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  New Legal Assistant  Training 
Email : Alicia and Trina: Here are my thoughts on the latest drafts of the swap docs:  Put Confirm  1. Looks like some type of price protection mechanism is contemplated in the  Master Derivatives Agreement and I'm assuming it would go into this confirm 2. In the definitions of ISDA and Equity Definitions, please add amendments  and supplements  Harrier/Talon Schedule  1. We need to discuss footnotes 2, 3, 6, 9, 12, 13 2. I think that the mechanics for putting up the LC that is described in the  Additional Termination Event that was added as clause (iv) needs to be  drafted somewhere to address, for example, drawing conditions, what happens  when Enron's credit rating improves, the comment made in footnote 6 etc. 3. In Part 4, Section (a) and in all of the notice sections the notice that  goes to the AGC of the Trading Group goes to Enron North America Corp. not  Enron Corp.  4. In Part 5, Section (l)(Recording) please add after the word "parties" the  phrase "in connection with the Transactions hereunder." 5. In Part 5, Section (o) (Confidentiality), is the class of permitted  discloses in clause (iv) too broad? Talon/Enron Schedule  1. In Part 1, Section (h) should a carve out from the definition of  Identified Event be the new Termination Event that was added? 2. Why is Part 5, Section (n) in this Schedule? 3. Same comments as above  Master Derivatives Agreement  1. Is the defined term Net Premiums worded right for purposes of the  $400,000,000 limitation? For some reason, I'm thinking that a and b should  be reversed. Talon Note  1. In Section 3.2, I'm not sure that the reference in the second paragraph to  Part 5(m)(i) of the Enron Schedule applies since the setoff rights only  benefit Enron and its affiliates. Also,  what does it mean to refer to the  Enron Guaranty here? Enron Guaranty  1. In Section 4, I think that it is fair for them to request that setoff only  apply to the Guaranteed Agreements and unless I'm missing something, I think  we can give on that point. That's all that I have. Have you discussed with Ben the point that we talked  about last week concerning the difference between the calculation of "Net  Talon Loss" versus "Loss"? I'm available tomorrow to talk about these points. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Comments to Swap Docs 
Email : Susan: What is the status of this? I would like to see a draft of the assignment  and Termination Agreement soon. Can you please prepare something for review  sometime Monday? Thanks. carol   <Sep> Subject :  KN Marketing and Onoek 
Email : Susan: Has this Master been executed? I forgot what we specified as the effective  date of the Transfer and Assignment Agreement with ARMS but we need to make  absolutely sure that the effective date covers all trades that are done by  ARMS and that there is no gap between that effective date and the effective  date of our Master. Also, please make sure that Tana knows when the  Utilicorp Master becomes effective so she can notify the online folks. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Utilicorp 
Email : Brant: Their lawyer finally called me. We have a few open credit issues on our side  that I need for you to think about:   1. Are you okay with the cross default threshold on both sides being 3% of  stockholders' equity? They didn't like $100,000,000. 2. For corporate policy reasons, they cannot take advantage of affiliate  setoff. Since I wasn't sure what relationships ENA and its affiliates had  with this counterparty, I wasn't sure how strongly you felt about it. Please  advise. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  El Paso Energy 
Email : Rob: On the recording language issue, we can agree to the following:  Instead of  limiting it to trading, marketing and scheduling personnel, we can agree that  it is limited to all telephone communications that are made to or from each  party's trading floor. This is because all calls that originate out of our  trading area are always recorded no matter who picks up on the other line. Does that work for you? I'm still checking on the confirmation/transaction  tape issue. Also, our credit person will agree to the Moody's trigger in the  MAC language that we discussed.   <Sep> Subject :  Recording Issue 
Email : Susan and John: We have finalized the amendment with Transcanada. What we executed before  still works. We modified slightly the LC form. They are faxing me their  form of Guaranty and will send to Susan the docs.   <Sep> Subject :  TransCanada 
Email : Marie: I would like to fax and mail out the Annex A letters to the new  counterparties to make sure that they all get them. My secretary is  available to help with the mail out which I would hope could be sent out no  later than the end of the day Thursday given that we are going to be away. I  will let her know that you may be asking her to help. I would alos want  someone while we are gone to check all of the return faxes against our list  so that they all go out to the right numbers. Stop by if any of this is not  do-able   Tahnks. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Annex A 
Email : Peter: Weyerhaeuser Company Limited, a company located in Ontario, wants to change  the standard securities rep that we have in our current ISDA Schedule to the  following:  "It is a Qualified Party within the meaning of the Ontario Securities  Commission, Rule 91-505 Over-the-Counter Derivatives." Our current rep is  attached. Is this something that we can agree to? Carol   <Sep> Subject :  ISDA Securities Rep 
Email : Sara: When ENA enters into an ISDA Master with a Canadian counterparty, is that  counterparty expected to make the ESP and Options rep? Does ENA make the  Canadian Securities Act rep? Carol   <Sep> Subject :  ESP Reps 
Email : Susan: Could you please follow-up with Russell Martinson before our credit meeting  tomorrow and see where things stand? As I indicated ion my e-mail to him, we  need to make sure that the effective date for the Transfer Agreement is dated  so that all ARMS deals are covered. Thanks. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Utilicorp 
Email : Scott: I have been monitoring drafts of the swap docs. Are you or someone else in  your group reviewing the other docs that involve Enron Corp. such as the  Certificate Purchase Agreement that appears to have a bunch of reps that  Enron has to make? I( have not been paying to much attention to the docs  that don't involver the swap. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Margaux 
Email : Michael: Our guys are meeting with Risk Management Solutions tomorrow morning. Scott  Brown of V&E and I will be talking to them about the Agreement this  afternoon. Have you heard anything back from John Sherriff? Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Domain Transfer Agreement 
Email : Lucy: We thought that it would be a good idea to meet with the "weather" group to  introduce ourselves and alos to go over some of the basics, such as  procedures for getting confidentiality agreements processed etc. Could you  send me a list of who you think we should include in this meeting and Sara  and I will do the rest? Will a lunch work? Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Weather Meeting 
Email : Susan: Please update me on this. I realize you've been busy on other matters but  please carve out some time to complete this so we can put this behind us. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Columbia 
Email : Nora: You may want to let the folks at Milbank and V&E know to send you stuff  instead of Scott. My contacts in Houston from V&E are Trina and Alicia and  in London is Jeff Eldredge. Mark Evans is my internal legal contact in  London. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Project Margaux - Revised Swap Documentation 
Email : Susan: Please e-mail to Rob Rieth the information he needs to complete Part 5,  Section (n) of the ISDA Schedule (wire transfer info). Rob,  With respect to Paragraph 13 (n) of the CSA Schedule, I think that we have  already dealt with that in Paragraph 13 (l). Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Schedule Info` 
Email : Mark and Taffy: I went ahead and registered for this and another class (ENA Orientation) to  save a spot for Samantha. We have until June 8th to cancel. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Class Confirmation - Wellhead to Burner Tip 
Email : Maria: Could you please send me a redline of the Guaranty Agreements and LC (either  by fax or e-mail) that crosses through and/or underlines the changes that  were made? Also, please send me a redline (either by fax or e-mail) of both  the CSA (when it is ready) and ISDA Schedules that underlines or crosses  through the changes that were made so that I can sign off on this. The fax  that I received did not indicate all chnages that were made in this way. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  New Drafts 
Email : Adele and Maria: Here are my final comments:  1. In the ISDA Schedule, Part 4, Section (f)(iii), we cannot accept a 30 day  waiting period. Why can't the Guaranty be furnished when the Reorg becomes  effective? 2. In each Guaranty, there is an extra zero in the "cap" amount. 3. In the PSE&G Guaranty, the Counterparty notice section should be just like  what is in the Master for primary notices and copies. 4. In the LC, in the new language on the second page, change Uniform Customs  to UCP. That's all I have. Subject to resolving point #1, please e-mail to me the  Enron Guaranty and please coordinate with Susan Flynn on getting final  versions executed and obtaining other closing items. I will review your  opinion shortly.   <Sep> Subject :  FINAL Comments 
Email : Maria: I think that 2 minor chnages need to be made to the Enron Guaranty and  probably the PSE&G Guaranty:  1. Change in the first paragraph "Enron North America Corp., a Delaware  corporation to Enron North America Corp., a Delaware corporation and its  successors and assigns  2. In the definition of "Agreement" include language that would pick up  amendments, supplements, replacements and restatements thereof so its reads  :"such ISDA Master Agreement, together with each Confirmation exchanged  between the parties thereto and together with any and all amendments,  supplements, replacements and restatements thereof, hereinafter the  "Agreement")  Let me know if you have a problem with this.   <Sep> Subject :  Enron Guaranty 
Email : Fred: Here is what we sent to Harry Stout. Lisa has been requesting from them a  copy of the pleadings to make sure that all of our requested changes have  been made and as of yesterday, I don't think that she had received anything. I will keep you posted on the status of these amendments. Lisa is the best  person to advise you on the status of the bankruptcy proceedings and the  timing of getting an order signed so that you can commence trading. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Amendments from Stacy Dickson - Resending, 1st attempt failed 
Email : Russell: I have left repeated voice mail messages with Katie Flaherty, their attorney,  and received no response. I think that someone needs to make a commercial  call so that we can resolve the issues raised in  my 4/28 letter. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Energy One Ventures 
Email : Dave: The above counterparty has requested the following changes to the ETA:  1. Make the reps in section 2(d) reciprocal  2. Make the assignment provision in Section 6(b) reciprocal  3. In Section 6(c), insert the word "its" between the words "all" and "third". Please advise. Carol   3.   <Sep> Subject :  Midland Cogeneration Venture LP 
Email : Tana: Could you please talk to Anthony about the need for video conferencing as he  mentioned something to Suzanne about needing that and let Suzanne know if we  will be hooking anyone else in and if so, who and how? Alos, does a total of  20 people (which includes our group) sound right to you? Finally, what time  do you want to start? We have the room from 11:30 to 2? Please let Suzanne  know the above details. Thanks. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Global Contracts Meeting 
Email : David: Just wanted to let you know that Jason is doing a fantastic job helping us  out! He is eager and willing to do whatever we give him and a quick  learner. You made an excellent choice and we appreciate it. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Jason Peters 
Email : John: Please send Susan Flynn contact information for this counterparty so that we  can send them our form of CA for the financial info that they intend to give  us. I'm assuming that this is in connection with swaps that we will be doing  with them. If there is anything else that we need to describe in the CA  please let Susan know. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Southern Company 
Email : Mike: I am waiting for our credit person to respond to some questions that I had in  compiling our comments. As soon as i hear back from him, I will send you my  comments by fax. Please e-mail me with your fax number. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Comments 
Email : Susan: Could you please when you return on Monday circulate a list of issues that we  need to discuss regarding the forms? Susan Flynn was keeping track of some  of those issues after you left. I would like to try to get those issues  addressed next week with the people that we need to talk to so that we can  turn a draft of the ISDA Schedules, so please make this a priority. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Forms Meeting 
Email : Cyndie: Tana Jones forwarded to me and Susan Flynn your e-mail regarding this. Could  you please contact Susan Flynn at 39075 about this and she will take car of  preparing the paperwork to take care of the ISDA's. Thanks. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  CES/Merchant Energy 
Email : Pam: How are things with you? I am doing great and feeling great! I've got about  another 8 weeks to go and I'm looking forward to getting this part over  with. I hope to work until pretty close to the end if my doctor lets me. Are you free for lunch anytime soon? I would love to see you and catch up. E-mail me back with some good dates and hopefully we can get together. Tell  Patti I said hi. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  How Are You? 
Email : Mark: I just wanted to update you on where things stand currently with respect to  the Domain Name Transfer Agreement that we are negotiating with Risk  Management Solutions, Inc.  After visiting with Scott about the reps and  warranties, he became concerned about the overall scope of the agreement and  in particular, what in addition to the URL domain name (weather-desk.com) EEL  was being asked to transfer and the restrictions that RMS wanted to place on  EEL with respect to this Domain Name and "any variations thereof." We went  back to RMS and told them basically that all we were willing to do was  transfer them the URL domain name with no strings attached. I'm not sure  that this will be acceptable to them given their future intentions which is  to acquire from another third party the name "weatherdesk.com" , register it  and use it with respect to the products that they offer. All of these discussions that we have had over the past week with respect to  our domain name have lead Seth, Scott and I to question what Enron's intent  is with respect to the name or any variations thereof given the fact that  according to Scott we have submitted applications to register similar names. We were hoping that you could help us answer this question or at least lead  us to the right people that could. It seems odd that we would be wiling to  transfer this name and yet feel that it is important to pursue registering  these other names. I look forward to hearing from you.   <Sep> Subject :  Domain Transfer Agreement 
Email : Richard: In reviewing our ISDA forms we had the following questions for you with  respect to the arbitration and process agent language:  1. Do any changes need to be made to our arbitration language? I have  enclosed what we currently use. Also, should we keep in waiver of jury trial  even if arbitration is chosen for situations where the award needs to be  enforced in court? Is it necessary to have a statement that the award can be  enforced in court? 2. We have assumed that there is no need to add our appointment of process  agent language if our counterparty is either organized in the US or Canada or  maintains a branch or office in the US or Canada. Is this a correct  assumption? Enclosed is our process agent language. I look forward to hearing from you. As we discussed last week, we will  arrange a time that you can talk generally to our group about arbitration  issues and questions. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  ISDA Forms 
Email : Greg: Can you help me answer this question? Also, we have been through our ISDA  forms and had the following questions with respect to Canadian law matters? 1. We have assumed that for all ISDA Masters where Canadian law applies, we  should not insert our arbitration provision. Is this correct? 2. With respect to the Trade Option exemption and Eligible Swap Participant  reps that we normally insert in our form (which I have enclosed below), we  have assumed that the only time that these reps should not be inserted is  when the Master is between ECC and a Canadian or Foreign counterparty? Is  this correct? What we are unsure about is whther these reps are needed when  ECC's counterparty is a US entity. We look forward to hearing from you. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  ISDA Securities Rep 
Email : Shari: Before I call their attorney about this I would like to talk with you briefly  about the open issues and how negfotiations in the past have gone. Please  stop by. I'll be tied up most of the afternoon until around 5 or so. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Deutsche Bank 
Email : John and Molly: I have reviewed the ISDA Master that we have with Range Resources and here is  a summary of the steps that need to be taken assuming that we have already  notified them that they needed to post collateral:   1. An Event of Default occurs upon their failure to post collateral within 2  Business Days after notice of such failure is given to them by us. 2. Once an Event of Default occurs, then we can elect an early Termination  Date. The "Loss: method applies here. As I mentioned in my voice mail, we  need to coordinate closely with whoever will be doing the Loss calculation  (and it should not be Fred or someone in his group) to make sure that they  have the appropriate back up. We would send a notice declaring an Early  Termination Date once the Event of Default had occurred and then subsequently  provide them with our calculation of the Termination Amount. As I mentioned in my voice mail message, I need copies of all of the letters  that we have sent to them along with copies of the confirmations of all  outstanding trades. All notices will need to be sent by federal express delivery such that they  won't be effective until the day after they have been sent out.   <Sep> Subject :  Range Resources 
Email : Tana: I have asked Suzanne to reserve the following dates for the big conference  room on 30 for our upcoming lunch seminars:  Friday, May 5th, Thursday, May  25th and Friday, June 16th. Sara and I are going to try and set something up  with the weather group for the May 5th date if that works for them. Can we  plan on scheduleing something with the confirms group and the global  contracts group for the other 2 dates? Sara and I need to talk about what to  do with the credit group. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Upcoming Seminars 
Email : Susan: I spoke with Utilicorp's contract person today and we have decided to do the  following:  1. Leave the ISDA dated May 3, 2000 2. Change the Assignment Effective Date in the Transfer Agreement to whatever  date we agree upon with Utilicorp. Apparently, the ISDA has not been signed yet but will be by them in the next  few days. Until Russell comes back, they cannot sign the Transfer  Agreement. Could you please do the following this week:  1. Have the enclosed new form of Transfer Agreement signed and sent to  Russell. Leave the date on Page 1 blank. 2. Send to Russell the additional certificate that he is requesting attaching  ENA's resolutions. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Aquila/Utilicorp 
Email : Susan: Please add the following to your memo:  I(B) Footnotes #4 and 5 - revisit why FDI Act language is added. Consult with Richard Sanders regarding Process Agent, arbitration and Waiver  of Jury Trial issues Footnote #22 - Sara to draft language providing for a mutual Termination Event Consult with Shari Stack regarding the need for the additional reps in  footnote #55 Sara to confirm that language for footnote #73 can be used as part of our  form for all counterparties  II(A)  Confirm that "ratings test" language in definitions of Letter of Credit and  Letter of Credit Default works and is what credit wants Decide how "foreign bank" language in definition of Letter of Credit should  work Confirm that our new Custodian language works for credit  II(B)  Can footnote #2 be deleted? Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Forms Issue 
Email : John: I have finally heard back from my credit person on all of the credit points  that I wanted him to confirm. The only change that he raised was on the  cross default where he said that the threshold was $100,000,000 for the  Credit Support Providers and $10,000,000 for each party. I will send you a  new mark up on that. Otherwise, everything else credit wise was as stated in  your draft.   <Sep> Subject :  Credit Issues 
Email : Sandy: Susan Bailey passed on to me your comments to the ISDA draft and I can  respond to some but not all of such comments at this point:  1. With respect to your Canadian securities rep, I am checking with our  counsel in Canada about whether we can use your language instaed of ours. 2. With respect to the Options rep and the ESP rep in part %, Section (b), I  believe that both parties need to make such reps. The rep in Part 5  (b)(g)(ii) is to cover the Trade Option exemption and it is different from  the ESP rep below it. 3. With respect to the language in Part 5, Section (a), this is different  from the setoff language. What this is saying is that if a party has  fulfilled all of its payment obligations and an Event of Default occurs with  respect to it (the "Defaulting Party"), the other party cannot withhold any  payment that it owes to the Defaulting Party. This is different from the  exercise of setoff rights. 4. I would like to discuss with you or your legal representative the removal  of the arbitration language as it is Enron's policy to have arbitration apply. 5. We would prefer to keep the Termination Currency specified in US Dollars. 6. Our tax group believes that we need the language in Part 3(a)(i), (ii). Why do you want to delete it? I look forward to hearing from you.   <Sep> Subject :  ISDA Comments 
Email : Rhett: You may recall a few weeks ago I asked you about some language that one of  our counterparties wanted as an amendment to the term "Indemnifiable Tax". Another counterparty, Deutsche Bank, has requested the following which I  think is very similar to what we were looking at before:  Notwithstanding the foregoing, "IndemnifiableTax" also means any Tax imposed  by reasons of a Change in Tax Law by a government or taxing authority of a  Relevant Jurisdiction of the payer, unless the payee is incorporated,  organized, managed and controlled or considered to have its seat in such  jurisdiction, or is acting for purposes of this Agreement through a branch or  office located in such jurisdiction. In the ISDA Users' guide, they explain that the effect of this language is to  eliminate the payee's risk of bearing new taxes imposed by the payer's  jurisdiction even if the payee's activities in such jurisdiction is the basis  for such taxes. (except if the circumstances in the definition occur). It  thus results in the payer having to gross up for such taxes. Do you think that we can or should accept this?   <Sep> Subject :  ISDA Tax Issue 
Email : Steve: I am faxing to you my response to your Guarnty comments. While we are  waiting on my credit person, would it be possible to get a redraft of the  schgedules from you since a good portion of the comments that we discussed I  beleieve we agreed to and would help me focus on what is left to discuss with  my people? We have alos modified recently our form of LC and I have enclosed  it for your review. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  ISDA Issues 
Email : Mark, Jason and Sara:  Deutsche Bank has requested that we make various "Securities Act" reps in the  ISDA Schedule in the event that we do equity derivatives. These reps require  us and them to say:  1. To the extent that a Transaction involves the purchase and sale of  securities, it will not be registered and the securities cannot be sold  except pursuant to a reg statement or exemption. 2. Each party is a QIB or an accredited investor. 3. Unless otherwise set forth in a Confirmation, any securities that a party  is required to deliver shall not at the time of delivery constitute  restricted securities or be subject to restrictions on transfer. What do you think about this? Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Securities Act Reps 
Email : Suxzanne: Marie and I have a big fax and mailout that needs to be done this week. We  are trying to get as much done as possible before we leave but I will need  your help today, tomorrow and Thursday to make sure this gets done. The  clerks will be faxing and I need for you and/or Marie's assistant to check  the confirmation pages against our master list to make sure that they all  have been sent out correctly. We are also doing a mail out. Could you  please check with Marie Heard to see what you can do to help her out? Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Mail Out 
Email : Randy: Frank Davis will be contacting you today to give you guest access so that you  can view the website. This would be the best way for you to view the  products that are traded. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Guest Access 
Email : Susan and Susan: In an effort to better manage your work flows, Sara and I would like to meet  with you for about 30 minutes this week to get an idea of what's on your  plate and what we can do to ease the work load. Could you please give this  some thought and let Taffy know when you want to meet so she can get it set  up? Thanks. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Work Flows Meeting 
Email : Susan: Please order the existence and good standing certificates from Texas and  Delaware that we will need as back-up for Mark's opinion. I anticipate  having him sign it this week so please see if you can get faxed copies of  these before Friday. Thanks. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  PSE&G Opinion 
Email : Susan: Could you have Taffy type up a new issues list based on your initial e-mail  and the e-mail that I sent to you for tomorrow's group meeting so that I can  pass it around? Thanks. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Issues List 
Email : Steve: Our tax counsel has recommended that we not agree to the amendment to the  definition of "Indemnifiable Tax" that you have proposed in your draft. Do  you have a tax person that he can talk to and get this issue resolved? Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Indemnifiable Tax Language 
Email : Rhett: The above is a Canadian counterparty that we are negotiating an ISDA with. They had some problems with the tax language that we had in our ISDA schedule  (which I have enclosed). Can I give them your name and number as a contact? Their tax person's name is Sheri Dunn. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Weyerhaeuser Company Limited 
Email : Susan: I have marked up the amendment. On the CSA, I think we should just attach   new collateral provisions which I have drafted and am enclosing with this  e-mail. Could you please ask taffy to do a comparison of the new and old? I've attached both. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Torch 
Email : Brant and Sara: Here is a very rough draft of a proposed letter agreement for NGTS. It  requires some work but hopefully it's a start. It cannot be finalized until  we see all of the physical and financial confirms and agreements and should  NOT be sent to NGTS until Sara and I are comfortable that it works. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  NGTS 
Email : Adele: I have given the opinion to Susan to get signed. We are waiting to receive  the Texas good standing certificate which we were told may come by tomorrow. Susan will send you everything else by fed ex tonight and it is my  understanding that  we are considering the Master to be effective with our  opinion to follow. Thanks for your help on this. It was a pleasure to work  with you and Maria.   <Sep> Subject :  ENA Opinion 
Email : Mark and Jeff: Trina and i talked about the issue that you raised with me today. Our  preference is to structure the language so that it would only trigger an  Event of Default under the Swap if the Enron merger caused an Event of  Default under the Revolver. At the end of the day, we both felt that this is  a call that someone on the commercial side should make, such as either Ben  Glisan or Mike Jakubik. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Enron Merger Trigger 
Email : Russell: We have received excerpts from Global's LLC Agreement. Its members are  Global Petroleum Corp., YPF Distribution Company and Montello Oil  Corporation. It is managed by a Board of 3 reps selected by each member and  for this purpose, Global and Montello are treated as 1 member and YPF is  treated as 1 member. I still need to talk to you about why we want an  ownership change trigger in the ISDA and if we do, at what level. carol   <Sep> Subject :  Global Companies LLC 
Email : Suzanne: I may be in tomorrow but I will leave you a voice mail message one way or  another. If I don't come in and I haven't used my discretionary day, please  use that, otherwise treat it as a vacation day. Hope you have a great  weekend. Be safe! If it is slow tomorrow afternoon, I have no problem with  you leaving around 4:30 or so. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Misc 
Email : Jeff: I am assuming that someone on the Enron Corp. side has signed off on the new  "jurisdiction" language that has now been inserted into the swap assignment  and schedule as this language is a fairly radical change from what we had in  there before. Please confirm. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Latest Swap Docs 
Email : John: Per ypur voice mail this is the lateset version of the ETA amendment letter  without Leslie's chnages. Please confirm that this part of it is opkay with  you and your counsel. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  ETA Amendment Letter 
Email : Sara: Sempra Energy Trading Corp. has requested that in lieu of them signing every  single confirm that we send them that they sign periodically a statement that  lists all of the outstanding deals where they acknowledge that they agree to  the terms of such deals. Do you see any problem with that? Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Sempra 
Email : Dave: Per my voice mail message, this entity would like to sign the same amendment  letter that kinder Morgan signed which I have attached. Please let me know  if this is okay with you. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Kinder Morgan Texas pipeline Inc. 
Email : Rob: Our credit person is okay incorporating the Specified Transaction concept  without a threshold. Please call me at your convenience to discuss the  remaining open issues. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Credit Issue 
Email : Taffy: Did HR confirm that everything had been worked out regarding Samantha? Also,  we need to do something with the remaining files in Marie's old office. Could you please coordinate this with Susan Flynn and Susan Bailey? Thanks. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Samantha Boyd 
Email : Steven : I have finally had a chance to go over the outstanding credit issues with Rod  Nelson, our credit person, and here are his responses:  1. We cannot agree to the additional language in the cross-default  provision. We need a trigger that is not subject to interpretation and  second-guessing and the language that you proposed does just that. 2. On credit event upon merger, we would prefer to define the standard for  "materially weaker" as below investment grade. Is that a problem for you? 3. With respect to payment netting, we would prefer that netting apply to  Transactions that are of the same product line (i.e. all commodity swaps). Is that a problem for you? We thought that your operational issue had to do  more with netting across product lines. 4. In the Credit Support Annex, we would prefer that the number of days to  resolve disputes over exposure and/or value be 2 business days instead of 1. I am in the process of reviewing the new drafts of ISDA and CSA Schedules and  will get back to you shortly on remaining comments. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Credit Comments 
Email : Sue: Sorry that I didn't get back to you over the weekend but with Arthur's  baseball schedule and all the running around that we were trying to do,  things were a bit hectic. I'm officially brain dead today so I thought that  I would take a break and write to one of my favorite people. Things on the baby front are progressing well. On our last ultrasound we got  the news taht we were hoping for with respect to the placenta problem and so  I've got the green light basically to do whatever I want to do although I am  still taking it easy and swimming alot. The baby weighed about 4 pounds a  few weeks ago and everything looked great so I was quite relieved. Now I'm  trying to spend what little free time I have getting ready. the people here  at work are having a baby shower a week from Friday so hopefully that will  help since other than some of Arthur's clothes I am starting from scratch. Work is going well although I am looking forward to winding down in a few  weeks. I'm hoping that I can work up until the very end to maximize my time  off but we will see how that goes. I really feel great except for being  uncomfortable at night and not getting much sleep but i suppose that this is  good practice for when the baby comes. Arthur is doing great. We got him 2 gerbils as a substitute for a larger  pet! They're pretty cute, small, clean and so far easy to maintain. He is  still heavily into baseball and was just selected for the All-star team which  we were absolutely thrilled about as was he! He called dad practically every  day that he was trying out for the team to give him an update and I'm hoping  that dad can fly down for the tournament this weekend. Arthur would  be on  cloud nine if he came. We'll see. Mom and dad offerred to keep Arthur for a  week over the summer and we are looking into that. I'm toying with the  possibility of sending him when the baby is born, but  I'll just have to see  how it works out. I would really love for you and mom to come once the baby  is born. Do you have any thoughts on that? You are obvious;y welcome at any  time, but i sense from mom taht she would prefer to wait until sometime in  august. Let me know what you think. How is Cindy doing? Do you know what she needs for her new addition? Do you  want to get her a joint gift? Let me know. I'm happy to do either something  on my own or jointly with you. How's Cate? Give her my best. What's new with you and your career situation? I hope that you are enjoying  what you are doing. I certainly am and  I am still undecided about what I am  going to do once that baby is born, although I would really like to take the  rest of the year off. I've got to run to my "baby class" tonight. Take care and I will try to  catch up with you sometime. I love you! Carol   <Sep> Subject :  How Are you? 
Email : Scott and Bruce: I understand from talking to Jane this morning that we will be able to work  with you as our counsel on the above transaction that we are working with ACE  on. My understanding from our commercial people is that we should be getting  a redraft of the insurance policy sometime today with ACE which we will need  your help in reviewing. Leslie Hansen and I will be working on this from the  legal end, with Leslie's focus being on the "power" issues and mine on the  "derivative" issues. As I mentioned to Scott last week, we will alos need  your help in making sure that the derivative taht we draft is not construed  to be insurance. A draft of the confirmation taht we anticipate using will  be sent out later this week. In terms of timing, our goal is to be on-line by June 15th which will require  us to try to get all documentation finalized as soon as possible. I will  keep you posted on any updates to our schedule. Please feel free to call me  or Leslie (713-853-6121) with any questions. If there are others that we  need to add to our distribution, please let me know.   <Sep> Subject :  Update on Insurance/Derivative Transaction 
Email : Rod:  There are 2 open issues on Dresdner Bank:  1. Netting - they are saying that operationally they cannot net across  product lines. Are you okay with this? 2. Calculation Agent - they want to be the Calculation Agent. Since we have  no CSA with them, this means that they would be doing all of the calculations  required under each transaction that we enter into with them. Specifically, the CA does the following:  - calculates the Floating Price and the Floating Amount, Fixed Amount or Cash  Settlement Amount payable - gives notice of Settlement and Payment Dates - determines whether a Market Disruption Event has occurred  Also, my notes indicate that we agreed to increase the Guaranty  cap to  $25,000,000 from $15,000,000. Is that okay with you? They had initially  requested no cap. On Reliant Energy Services, Inc., you were going to think about the following  credit issues:  1. Specified Transaction - they want to include physical energy deals. You  were going to think about this and whether we needed a cap. They wanted to  amend the definition of Specified Indebtedness to deal with this, but I think  you and I felt taht it should be dealt with in the definition of Specified  Transaction. 2. Cross Default threshold - is 3% of equity okay? 3. On Credit Event Upon Merger, they want to define "materially weaker" as  either (1) being below investment grade by either S&P or Moody's or (2) being  failed to be rated by either S&P or Moody's. 4. On setoff, they did not have the "affiliate" language. 5. In the CSA, they want the collateral that is posted to secure both  financial deals and physical gas and power deals entered into between ENA and  Reliant Energy Services, Inc.  6. In the collateral threshold, they have proposed a matrix of S&P and  Moody's ratings, with the threshold amount being the lower of the 2 ratings. AA-/Aa3 and above  $20,000,000 A-/A3 to A+/A1   $15,000,000 BBB/Baa2 to BBB+/Baa1  $10,000,000  BBB-/Baa3  $5,000,000   Also, they have defined MAC  to be going below BBB- by S&P or below Baa3 by  Moody's or a failure to be rated by either S&P or Moody's. 7. In the LC provisions, they have different cure periods for each of the  types of Letter of Credit Defaults that can occur. Here is a summary of the  events and the time periods for transferring substitute colateral:  - If issuer's credit rating is downgraded - 1 business Day after written  demand by the Secured Party - if issuer fails to comply with its obligations under the LC or disaffirms  or rejects the LC - 1 Business day after the pledgor receives notice of  dishonor - if LC fails to be in full force and effect or issuer declares bankruptcy -  3 Business Days after written demand by Secured Party  In our form, we require substitute collateral to be posted within 2 Business  Days of the occurrence of the above events, except for a downgrade where the  time period is 5 Business Days      On SG Interests, you were going to talk to them about certain credit issues. Please let me know when you can where you stand on the above. Thanks. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Dresdner Bank, Reliant, SG Interests 
Email : Sara and Jason: Here are my initial thoughts on how we can possibly shorten the weather  confirms that are done under a Master Agreement. It seems like we could  amend the Masters to include the following definitions which seem to be used  in each conform:  Payment Date NCDC NWS HDD CDD The Fallback Reference Weather Station procedures - the confirm would  identify just the Fallback Reference Weather Station Data Sources  Let me know what you think. Carol  Alos, is it necessary to specify bank account information if that is already  set forth in the Master?   <Sep> Subject :  Weather Confirms 
Email : Shari: The confirms desk has asked us to think about a way that we could shorten the  confirms that are sent out under Master Agreements by amending each Master to  include definitions/provisions that are common to all confirms. Below is  what I have come up with. Do you see any problems with this? Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Weather Confirms 
Email : Mark and Jarrod: Regarding this project of streamlining weather confirms, Shari asked about  the new language that we were gong to use to define the procedures for  determining the Fallback reference Weather Station. Has that language ever  been finalized? This is one of the things that I thought we could pull out  of the confirms so before we send out any Master Agreement amendments, we  should try to get this language finalized. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Fallback Reference Weather Station 
Email : Scott, Bruce, Sam and John: Gaurav has informed me that the next draft of the ACE insurance policy will  be distributed by ACE sometime tomorrow. What we would like to do is  schedule a time on Monday that we could talk with you about it with the hope  that we could have a discussion with ACE soon afterward. Could you please  e-mail to me and Gaurav Babbar some times on Monday that work for you as a  group and we will get something set up. Thanks. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Ace Insurance Policy 
Email : Marie: I left Mary Gosnell a message making sure that she was of what we are doing  and that she needed to provide you with any additional new counterparties  that we have done trades with since last weeks list was compiled. Alos,  could you please give Bob Bowen a call later today or first thing tomorrow if  we haven't heard from him? Finally, it's my understanding that the  comparison Annex A that we will attach to the letter will be the new Annex A  that has been compared to the old annex a with the name change. Thanks. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Mary Gosnell 
Email : Tana: I need to get copies pof all of the letters that have been executed that Mark  and I have done. Do you have them? David F. wants me to prepare a summary  of the amendments that we have agreed to. 'Carol   <Sep> Subject :  ETA Amendment Letters 
Email : Tina: The swap group which I am a part of needs one full set of closing docs  separate from any set that Dan Lyons and his group may need. I'm in EB  3892. Thanks. CArol   <Sep> Subject :  Project Motown Docs 
Email : Leslie: I left in your chair comments/questions I had on what you drafted. Some of  my comments may reflect my inability to understand exactly what we are  doing. When you send this around, could you please send a copy to Joe Hunter  on the confirms desk? Alos, Rod Nelson is our credit person. Finally, on  the LeBeouf side, please include Bruce Wright in addition to Scott, John and  Sam. Bruce's e-mail address is pwright@llgm.com. Thanks. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Comments 
Email : Gaurav: Please add Bruce Wright's name on our side from LeBeouf. His e-mail address  is pwright@llgm.com. I have e-mailed Rick Gieryn to let him know to add him  to tomorrow's distribution. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Additional Name 
Email : Rhett: I am going to send to you some revised tax reps that Dresdner Bank would like  to use in lieu of what we currently have drafted. Could you please review  them and let me know if they are acceptable? Thanks. carol   <Sep> Subject :  Dresdner Bank Tax Reps 
Email : At Lisa Mellencamp's request I am sending you the amendment agreements that  we have drafted with respect to the physical and financial masters between  KCS and Enron. Drafts of these agreements were sent to Harry Stout earlier  this week and some changes have been made since then. I am enclosing both  clean and marked copies. If you have any questions, please call me or Lisa. My number is 853-3989. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  KCS Master Agreement Amendments 
Email : Enclosed is a revised draft of the policy without any modifications on the  exclusions as this is an area that ACE is apparently continuing to develop. As I mentioned yesterday, we will talk with you about this on Monday at  1(Houston time). Our commercial team would then like to have a call with ACE  sometime after our call to talk about exclusions, subrogation rights and  matters relating to books and records that are addressed in the policy. I  don't think that all of you need to be on this call but was wondering if any  of you would be available for this call. Please let me know.   <Sep> Subject :  policy 
Email : Alicia The only comment that I have to the swap schedules is that I think we need to  have an exception built into the arbitration language that permits us to go  to court to enforce the remedies that we describe in the confidentiality  section. This probably hold true for all of the docs where we have  arbitration and a ca provision. Alos, there may be some defined terms that  are now used in the new confidentiality language that haven't been defined  (i.e, Enron, Enron Put Agreement etc)  Finally, should we upper case  "affiliates" in the confidentiality   language and either use the ISDA def or  some other def? Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Comments 
Email : Suzanne: I reserved this class in my own name so that Samantha Boyd, our new legal  assistant who is starting today, could attend. Could you please contact  whoever needs to be contacted and switch names. Erica, Please put this class on Samantha's calendar. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Development Center Class Reminder  - Wellhead to Burner Tip 
Email : Taffy: Sara and i need about thirty minutes with Mark. Can you set something up for  either tomorrow or before our group meeting on Wednesday? Today is bad for  me. Thanks. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Meeting With Mark 
Email : Susan and Susan: Just wanted to give you the heads up that we will need a deemed ISDA done for  this counterparty. Jarrod and I are working on the details but could one of  you undertake to get this drafted by early afternoon tomorrow? Thanks. carol   <Sep> Subject :  Wine Bars 
Email : Joe: If we need to develop a form of confirm for this, are you the person that I  should work with or would someone else handle this? Rod, Since we are doing a separate GTC for this product, we will not be able to  "net" on any payment date what we owe the counterparty under this product  against what the counterparty may owe us under other derivative products. Are you okay with this? Alos, we have been assuming that there are no other  counterparty credit issues with this product since other than the upfront  premium, payments will be made from us to them. Are we safe in assuming this? Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Reliable Power Product Description and GTCs 
Email : Rob: Enclosed is what I think should be the final form of the Schedules. I have  made some clean-up chnages. In the LC,. my notes indicate that we were going  to keep the renewal language in. Please let me know if this draft is okay  with you and then we will coordinate getting it executed. Thanks for your  help. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Final Form of Schedules 
Email : Randy: Enclosed is a draft of the ETA letter that has been approved by the head of  the online group. Sorry that this took so long. CArol   <Sep> Subject :  ETA Letter 
Email : Sara and I met with Richard Sanders today to resolve some questions that we  had concerning the arbitration and process agent language in our forms and  here is what we concluded needed to be done:  1. If arbitration is chosen, there is no need to insert Waiver of Jury Trial  language  2. Pending discussions that he will be having with Mark Haedicke and Jim  Derrick, no chnages need to be made to our arbitration language. 3. Our Process Agent language will be revised such that under all  circumstances it will say the following:  Party A appoints as its Process Agent , ____________, having an office in   <Sep> Subject :  Arbitration/Process Agent Language in Form 
Email : Jeff: We have received a request from the above counterparty to alter the format of  the confirmation process on physical and financial deals. In lieu of signing  each confirm that is sent to them, what they want to send back to us is a  letter signed by them in which they describe the confirm and indicate whether  or not they accept or disagree with the terms thereof and if they disagree  with such terms, they will return the confirm. Are you okay with this  procedure? Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Southern Company Energy Marketing LP 
Email : Susan: Regarding Kate's e-mail, I have left a voice mail for Richard Sanders as to  which office we should designate. If you need to send out the ISDA draft  before I hear back from him and before Kate hears back from Canada, go ahead  and leave the address blank and we can fill it in later. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Process Agent Language 
Email : Mark and Sara: Tana came into my office last night and seemed to be very upset about how the  other 2 legal assistants were treating her, especially Susan Bailey, and also  about the fact taht Susan Bailey was going to be part of Samantha's training  and that this was a surprise to her. On the latter issue, I explained to her  that given that the 2 Susan's were involved in the day to day routine, it  made perfectly good sense for 1 of them to handle this part of Samantha's  training especially since Tana was now out of the day to day stuff. I am  very concerned that Tana is going to interfere with Susan's training process  given her attitude toward the whole thing which I really feel is ridiculous. The only possibly valid point that she might have is the fact that we didn't  tell her that this was going to work this way, but even so, again it's Tana's  way of not be able to let go and not being a team player. I explained to her  that both she and Tana had different roles to play with respect to Samantha's  training and that they both were important and taht in my opinion, Susan was  more than qualified to handle this part of Samantha's training. On the first point, I told Tana that the only way that this group is gong to  work better is through "communicating" to each other. I firmly believe taht  there are 2 sides to this and taht all 3 of them are guilty of treating the  other 2 at time in a not so pleasant way. Tana of course will not admit  this. I have no answers for this issue other than the fact that I am tired  of hearing about why they can't get along. I also told Tana taht it was my  perception that Susan Bailey has been under alot of pressure given her  increased workload and other things and taht that could explain her attitude  which even I have noticed has been a little different lately. I'm letting the both of you know about this because I don't want any of this  to negatively impact Samantha to the extent that it can be avoided. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Meeting with Tana 
Email : Rhett: I have asked the attorney that I am working with on this to call you directly  about their proposed tax rep language as well as their deletion of the  language in Part 3 regarding the delivery of tax docs. I have enclosed below  the language that we currently have in the Schedule which they would not  accept and I believe you have their proposed language on the tax reps. Thanks again for your help. I just think that at this point it is easier for  the tax folks to talk directly to each other. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Dresdner Bank 
Email : Tana: Mark has asked me to handle the Mexico issues in connection with EOL  trading. I understand that you have copies of what has been sent to and  received from Mexican counsel. Could you before you leave tomorrow give me  copies of all correspondence as well as copies of the more current  questionnaires taht we have been sending out so that I can start following up  with them on Monday? Thanks. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Mexico EOL Issues 
Email : Brant: In response to your voice mail regarding El Paso, Occidental and Aquila  Canada, I can follow up with my contacts at El Paso and Occidental. Please  provide me with the name of the attorney at Aquila Canada and I will call him  or her. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Status Update 
Email : Mark: Just 2 thoughts on the new draft:  1. In the definition of Global Early Termination Date, how does this work  with the new Section 16 concept that Alicia has added to the Schedules  whereby the termination of Transactions that raise Section 16 problems may be  delayed? 2. Does Section 5.06 conflict at all with the proviso in the Limitation of  Liability sections of both Schedules? Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Master Hedging Agreement 
Email : John: Could you please leave me a quick e-mail message and let me know where things  stand on the redraft as my credit people have been asking about it. Thanks. carol   <Sep> Subject :  Status Update 
Email : Jason: I thought that your drfat letter of intent looked fine. Just a few  commments. In section 6 - Conditions, could you put something in there  similar to the "Approvals" section in the November 10th letter since possibly  HSR and FERC approval may be needed? Alos, in Attachment A, in Section 3  could you sya something to the effect that if tthere is no master in place  with Enron and a particular counterparty then Enron needs to be satisfied  with the terms of the master that is in place between Mrechant and such  counterparty. I thought that the Assignment Agreement was very weak and that we need  something more than that. Withg respect to the consent, the concept of the  assigned transaction be goverened by our Master needs to be in there. Enclosed is the template that we have used in the Columbia deal. Call me if you have any questions. The only time that I won't be reachable  today is from 11:30-2. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Letter of Intent 
Email : Gaurav: I sent to Bruce Wright our comments to the policy last night and asked that  he incorporate them into his mark-uo and distribute it to ACE and us. Please  e-mail him with your fax number as well as the fax numbers for the people at  Ace. Thanks. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Policy Comments 
Email : Cement: Enclosed is the Enron Guaranty that we need executed in connection with an  ISDA Master Agreement that we have finalized with Idacorp Energy Solutions  LP. We would like to have the Master become effective next week so would it  be possible to have this signed next week? If you have any questions, please  call me or Susan Flynn. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Idacorp Enron Guaranty 
Email : Rob: I received the documents and Susan Flynn will get them executed along with  the Enron Guaranty and the other certificates and get them back to you next  week. My question for you is when you consider the agreement to be effective  for trading purposes? I'm assuming you want to wait for the Enron Guaranty  and that any trades done before the Guaranty is sent to you would not be  confirmed under the Master. Please let me know your thoughts on this. I  have asked Enron's counsel to process the Guaranty ASAP. Thanks. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  ISDA Master 
Email : David: Shari passed on to me their form of CA which I will review. We typiocally  prefer to use our form but I can mark this one up if hat is what you wnat me  to do. Please advise. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  CA with Risk Managemnt Solutions 
Email : Ladies: I just wanted to thank you again for your thoughtfulness, support  and hard  work in making today such a special event for me and Charles Eugene! As I  said at the shower, I'm lucky to have people like you as friends and  co-workers and each of you throughout the last year has helped me get through  this pregnancy and the events leading up to it, for which I am extremely  grateful. I am truly overwhelmed by everyone's generosity and look forward  to finally putting all of my gifts to good use in the upcoming weeks. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Thank You Again 
Email : Scott: At Paul Radous' request I am sending you the form of LC for the prospective  issuing bank to look at. I'm at ext. 33989 if you have any questions. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  LC Form 
Email : Carolyn: I'm hoping that you can help me with this. One  of the gifts that I received  on Friday was 2 outfits from Baby Gap. There was no card. The only people  that were at the shower that I couldn't account for based on the gifts that I  received with cards and group gift list that I saw were Anne Yaeger, Mark  Taylor, Tana Jones and Mary Heinitz. Could you please confirm for me that  these people did not participate on the group gift? Thanks. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Shower Gift 
Email : Tana: Can you tell me if any of the more recent ETA amendment letters that we have  sent out for execution refer to the new termination number? My recollection  is that maybe only 1 or 2 did. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Terminations number 
Email : Robin: Did either the high chair or the stroller come with an instruction booklet  that I could have? If so, just let me know who to contact and I will do so. If not, I suppose I can spend the next few years trying to figure out how  they work!! Thanks. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Misc 
Email : Anne: I'm slightly embarrassed to be asking you this, but there was one gift from  Baby Gap that we can't seem to figure out who the "giver" was, and we've  narrowed it down to a group that includes you. It was 2 outfits with animal  patterns on it. Are you the mystery giver? Alos, again I just wanted to say congratulations again on your engagement. I  am really happy for you and Trushar and wish you all the best. I will try to  see if we can get together for lunch before I leave. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Shower Gift 
Email : Brant: Let me know what you think about this. I am enclosing the section out of our  comments that he wants to replace with his language. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  ISDA Discussions 
Email : Please plan to attend a lunch this coming Friday in 30C2 with Sara and I and  possibly some of the newer credit people to go through basic ISDA, CSA and  confirmation issues. We'll get started around Noon and probably go until  1:30. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Friday's Lunch 
Email : Tanya: This coming Friday Sara and I are going to walk the legal assistants through  some basic concepts with respect to the ISDA and CSA Schedules and  confirmations. Do you think that we should invite some of the newer credit  people to this and if so, who? Some of this will be a repeat of what we did  a few weeks ago but at a more basic level. We were thinking that it may be  beneficial for Nidia Mendoza and Cathy Tudon. Let me know what you think. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Upcoming Lunch 
Email : Paul: Shari recommended that I forward these questions to you. We are trying to  finalize an ISDA Master with dresdner bank in Germany and they wanted to make  some chnages to our FX and Currency Option language which I have attached. Can you help me with this?   <Sep> Subject :  FX/Currency Option Questions 
Email : Dave and Grant: I understand from lisa Lees that there is now a push to get Crestar signed  up. You may recall that they had alot of commnets to the ETA which I sent to  you both with my thoughts on certian of the comments. What is the next step  with them? Dave, do you have any thoughts on their comments? Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Crestar 
Email : Willie: Thanks for your voice mail message. As I explained to Joe and David, on  all of the counterparties where we have "EOL Issues" I need to know what  those issues are and then I will call them. Could you please advise Joe  and/or David about this and then I will follow up. The only issue that we  discussed was the issue that these counterparties are thinking that the  clicking requirement in the ETA applies to confirms which it doesn't. Thanks   <Sep> Subject :  EOL Issues 
Email : We are planning to hold another informal lunch this coming Friday in  Conference Room 38C2 from 12-1:30 to go over in more depth how the ISDA  Master and ISDA Credit Support Annex works. If you are interested in  attending, could you please contact my assistant, Suzanne Adams at 37340  TODAY so that she can get a head count for lunch. Thanks and sorry about the  short notice.   <Sep> Subject :  Upcoming Lunch 
Email : Joe: Here is my stab at a form of confirm reply letter. This one assumes that we  are the confirming party but it can be modified if the counterparty is the  confirming party and we want to send this. I will work on  modifying  Southern's cover letter into something that we could send to our  counterparties. Call me if you have any questions. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Confirm Reply Letter 
Email : David: Per my voice mail I have bolded the sections of the CA that I want you to  look at. One is a description of the info that they are providing to us. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Risk Management CA 
Email : Taffy: Here is the list of invitees   Paul Radous Cathy (Mary) Tudon Brad Schneider Veronica Espinoza Nidia Mendoza Ed Sacks me sara Susan F. Susan B. Jason Tana Samantha Boyd You are welcome to attend as well. I am not sure who from the credit group  has RSVP'd yes but why don't you send out the notice to everyone and copy me  and Suzanne. Thanks  Carol  PS - Paul Radous has a brother Kevin and I think that Paul is in the Enron  directory.   <Sep> Subject :  Tomorrow's Lunch 
Email : Molly: Here is a draft letter for Statoil. Under the Master, they have a 1 Business  Day cure period after they receive notice from us of their failure to post  collateral before we can declare an event of Default. Please call me to  discuss after you have had a chance to decide what you want to do. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  statoil Letter 
Email : Tanya: Thank you for suggesting the group that we talked to today. They all seemed  to be at the same level and hopefully got something out of what we said  today. I mentioned to them that you have all of the latest LC and Guaranty  forms and that you would be sending those around to them. I will work on the  form of confidentiality agreement and send that to you next week. Before I  go on maternity leave, I will send down to you a binder with hard copies of  all of our forms, along with the User's Guides to the ISDA and CSA. We are  still putting the finishing touches on the ISDA and CSA Schedules. Could you also mention/remind the group that now Samantha Boyd's name should  be added to all credit worksheets and Tana'a name taken off and that all day  to day matters should be handled through the 2 Susan's and Samantha, as Tana  is off the day to day stuff and working primarily on special projects? Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Credit Lunch 
Email : Group: Mark has okay'ed having a going away lunch for Rod. Looks like the week of  June 26th works best for Rod. Please e-mail Suzanne Adams by Monday of next  week any days that week that do not work for you so we can pick a date. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Lunch For Rod Nelson 
Email : Paul: I have spoken with Dave Kistler about the form of CA that you sent to him. What we prefer to do is to use the form that was agreed to a year ago (a copy  of which I have attached). We can either (1) do a new CA based on this form  or (2) since this CA does not expire for another year, do a side letter that  provides that the term "Project" as used in this CA means both the project  that is currently described and the new project that we are about to engagae  in with you. Please let me know your preference. My number is 713-853-3989. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Confidentiality Agreement 
Email : Leslie and Elizabeth: I should have sent this to you as well. Could you please take a look at  this form and let me know if it is okay with you? Seems like there are more  situations that are coming up where our counterparties are wanted to execute  1 Guaranty to cover all types of transactions and this is our attempt to  develop a form that credit can use. I look forward to hearing from you. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Multi Purpose Form of Guaranty 
Email : Brant: Just a reminder that we need to discuss matters relating to Occidental (their  proposed change to the MAC language) and Chautauqua Airlines. Alos, with  respect to Aquila/Utilicorp,  apparently they cannot have all of the online  paperwork completed until next Tuesday. They submitted a PA today but the  guy that needs to authorize the sub-user accounts is not in the office until  Tuesday. The current plan would be for them to do that on Tuesday and then  to make the switch from Aquila to Utilicorp effective next Wednesday. I'll  keep you posted but we still have not declared the Utilicorp ISDA effective. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  reminder 
Email : Please update me on where things stand. We need to get this wrapped up  before I go on maternity leave. i'm hopeful that you are close and amybe  done to 1 or 2 counterparties. Thanks. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  CES 
Email : Brad and John: We have not sent out the ISDA draft on energen because I need calrification  on the following points:  1. Is the $75MM Guaranty cap meant to cover both physical and financial  combined or are we doing separate Guarantys each with a $75MM cap amount? 2. How does the $50MM collateral threshold work? I noticed in the physical  master that it appears as if we subtract from the $50MM threshold our  exposure under the ISDA to arrive at the Counterparty's threshold, although  the language in the physical says "the exposure" and it is not clear whose  exposure they are talking about. Is that how it is suppposed to work? Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Energen 
Email : Jeff: Just a few comments:  1. In the definition of termination Event, I think that the words "due to"  need to be put after the word "means" in the first line. 2. In Section 3.4(a), I noticed that the bracketed langugae "as it relates to  the Assigned Interest" has now been deleted. Pursuant to my earlier comment  on this, what this maens to me is that with respect to the Fixed Payment  piece of this, we can never terminate the swap based on something that  happens to Pelican . Is that the way it is supposed to work? If so, plaese  explain why. 3. With respect to the lnagugae in Section 3.6(a), instead of saying in the  first sentence of such Section "the amount determined..." shouldn't it say  "the fair market value of Party A's remaining payment obligations under the  Transaction". Section 2(x) of the confirm just refers to Disputed Matters  and it is not claer to me what is in dispute when an Event of Default or  Termination Event occurs and what amount Party A has to pay when these events  occur. What is the priocedure for coming up with this amount? Does each  party calculate it and then send it to the experts or do the experts just  determine it?   <Sep> Subject :  June 16th draft of swap assignment 
Email : Joya: I want to make sure that while I am out on leave that I can access my  computer here. I noticed that since Lotus Notes changed I cannot access my  e-mail from my computer at home. Would it be better for me to take a laptop  home and is that possible? Please advise. carol   <Sep> Subject :  Computer for Home 
Email : Suzanne: Can you order me some boxes? I want to start going through my office and  figuring out what to send home when I go on leave. thanks. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Boxes 
Email : Sara: I'll go with whatever you and mark think is the right thing to do but O  honestly have a hrad time justifying why tana or Susan Flynn should be  recognized, particularly Susan Flynn. I would much rather take Susan B. out  to lunch rather than recognize all 3. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Legal assts. 
Email : Patricia: Frank forwarded to em your chnages to the ETA Agreement and here is our  response:  1. I would like to discuss with you your chnages to Sections 1 and 2 (a). 2. We cannot accept the chnages that were made to section 2(b). Any  confidential info that you give us will be subject to the confidentiality  provisions of the ETA. 3. We cannot accept the first deletion in Section 3(a) and with respect to  the remaining deletions in Section 3(a) and the deletions in Section 3(d), I  just want to make sure that we both understand how this will work in the vent  that you want to trade a product on the website and there is no Master in  place. Please call me at your convenience.   <Sep> Subject :  ETA Agreement 
Email : Joe: Did you ever contact them about the confirms that they sent to us? Are they  now signing our confirms? Please advise as to what, if anything, I need to  be doing on this. Thanks. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  CLECO 
Email : Andrea: I just wanted to confirm that you received my revised draft of the ISDA  Schedule by fax last week. If you didn't. let me know. have the tax people  spoken with each other?   <Sep> Subject :  Our Revised draft 
Email : Jeff: As I think you are aware, the Meixco and online group want to implement  online trading for Mexican counterparties. Are there any tax issues taht we  should be aware of? If we conduct online trades using ENA and telephone  trades with an Enron Mexican entity, will the exercise of setoff rights  create any tax issues? My understanding is that the Enron counterparty will  be ENA. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Online Issues - Mexico 
Email : Mike: I have discussed your proposed language with Brant Reves, our credit person,  and we are okay with the concept except that we would like for the ratings  trigger to be based only on either a drop in the S&P rating or a failure to  have an S&P rating. In addition, Brant has advised me that should we put in  place a CSA, that the following would be the credit matrix for collateral  threshold:  BB to BB+  $2,500,000 Below BB  Zero  I look forward to hearing from you. Should we send you our form of Credit  Support Annex?   <Sep> Subject :  MAC Language 
Email : Bruce and Scott: I just received this from our guys. I no nothing about the call at 4  tomorrow or who is on it and when our guys want to talk to us about this, but  as soon as I find out, I will let you know. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Agreements 
Email : Russell: Susan gave me the draft ISDA to review. The Guaranty taht was signed in  January is deficient in that I don't feel that it adequately describes  financial derivatives and the termination provision doesn't work. How do you  want to proceed? Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Cinergy 
Email : Gentlemen: Here is the new draft of the policy. We have left a message with ACE about a  call at 9 (houston time) tomorrow. If that chnages, I will let you know.   <Sep> Subject :  Agreement 
Email : Susan: Sara and I would like to meet with you sometime on Monday to go over all  outstanding work items so we are aware of what can be accomplished before you  leave and what may need to be given to the other paralegals. Can we do that  at 10 and can you send to us before then an updated list of your outstanding  work assignments? Thanks. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Monday Meeting 
Email : Tanya: Thanks for your message. All El Paso wants to put in the LC form is language  that states that the original LC will accompany any draw that is made for  endorsement of the drawing amount and that it will be returned to the  Beneficiary unless it is fully drawn upon. I don't see any problem with this and while it may be unnecessary, if it  males them feel better to have it, i would like to keep it in. Are you okay  with this? Carol   <Sep> Subject :  LC Language 
Email : Clement: We are trying to finalize our ISDA with Deutsche Bank. In the Guaranty where  we have the setoff and counterclaim language they want to add a proviso that  basically states that Enron Corp. would be entitled to get the benefit of the  rights, setoffs, counterclaims and other defenses that ENA is entitled to  only to the extent taht it would have had the benefit of those rights if it  were the direct counterparty. I think that I am okay with this but wanted  your input. Let me know what you think. Thanks. carol   <Sep> Subject :  Guaranty Issue 
Email : Rhett: Does this work for you? This is language from Deutsche Bank in lieu of the= ir=20 proposed modifications to the defined term "Indemnifiable Tax" which you=20 looked at a few weeks ago. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Indemnifiable Tax language 
Email : Russell: Based on my review of the 6/23 draft of ISDA Schedule here are my credit  questions:  1. There is no Credit Support Provider for Equitable. Should there be? 2. What should the cross default thresholds be and who should they apply to? 3. Are you satisfied with the Additional Termination Event? I'm assuming  that in clause (i) of the definition of Debt Coverage Amount, it makes sense  to take "future" revenues from the preceding year and subtract from it asset  sales made during the current year? How will we know what assets sales are  made? Will the future net revenue calculation be shown on the reserve report  that we receive annually? When will this calculation be done? Are you  satisfied with their definition of Internal and External debt? 4. In Part 3(a), looks like we would only receive an annual reserve report. Is that sufficient? When should we get it? Alos, whose financials do you  want to receive? 5. In Part 5(c) - Setoff, I'll just note that this only applies to amounts  due and owing between the parties and does not include "affiliates". 6. In Part 5(f)- Assignment,  we need to decide what conditions precedent we  want to apply to the limited partnership entity that they assign it to given  the fact that once assigned, we will have no recourse to the partners, even  the GP. For example, should the LP have a minimum asset value at the time of  the transfer? It is not clear to me what assets this LP would own at the  time of the transfer and I'm assuming that we would want it to meet some  minimum credit criteria prior to such transfer. In addition, are you  satisfied with the debt and asset sale limitations? On asset sales, I think  that they need an annual limit as it is not clear to me how the $2,000,000  limit currently works. Alos, I think that all of these limitations in  Section (f) should either be additional Events of Default or Additional  termination Events. Please call when ready to discuss. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Equitable Credit Issues 
Email : Susan: We are ready to execute the ISDA with El Paso. Here are the schedules and  the Enron Guaranty. Please coordinate with John Shuttee at El Paso the  execution of the docs. His number is 420-7168. I just sent him the form of  Guaranty  taht we want them to use and I will forward to you that e-mail. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  El Paso 
Email : Steve: Enron's general counsel has accepted the concept that we discussed last week  in the Guaranty re setoff, defenses etc. I will try to send you a revised  Guaranty shortly. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Guaranty Issues 
Email : Karen: Here is our response to your e-mail comments:  1. We can put back VI(c)(i) but the reason that we deleted it was because the  provisions in VI(c)(ii) and VI(E) really deal with how an LC can be drawn  upon and the language in VI(c)(i) seemed unnecessary and perhaps inconsistent  with those sections. If we put it back in, it should be made subject to  those other sections. 2. With respect to your points regarding the amount that can be drawn, I am  unclear as to what your position is. In one place you want to limit it to  amounts owed and in another you want to limit it to Exposure Amount. What is  your position. We thought that the formula that we set forth in Section 4(b)  of the amendment was what everyone had agreed to. 3. The reason for the change in E.4. (c) is because the Event of Default  situation has already been addressed in VI(c)(ii). 4. I need to check with our credit people regarding the transferability  issue. I will note that the current form that is attached to the Master  permits transfers. Why is this an issue with you? I look forward to hearing from you. My number is 713-853-3989. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Response to Comments 
Email : Bill: Could you please forward this to the business folks at Ace since this is a  critical point and I don't want them caught by surprise tomorrow. Thanks. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Policy 
Email : Sara: What we have negotiated with Southern was limited to financial trades done  under the ISDA. This was a form that they sent to us that we revised. It  was my understanding that they were going to contact Leslie separately about  EPMI physical trades and Stacy about physical gas trades. Carol.   <Sep> Subject :  Confirmation Reply Letter 
Email : Luanne: Our credit person is fine with revising the MAC language to say taht a MAC  would be triggered if either (1) an entity's Credit Support Provider's rating  from S&P is below BBB- by S&P or Baa3 by Moody's or (2) if such Credit  Support Provider fails to be rated by both S&P and Moody's. Also, in  Sections 4.5 and 4.6 of the ISDA Schedule we would like to change the  reference to "Goldman Group" to "The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc."  I will have Tana Jones draft an amendment and send it to you. Call me if  there are any problems with the above. Tana, Please draft an amendment for my review.   <Sep> Subject :  MAC Amendment 
Email : Teresa: As I indicated in my voice mail message I have the following questions about  the maternity leave policy:  1. I am assuming that any vacation time that I still have left I can use up  at 100% pay. 2. My understanding is that in order to go beyond the 6 week period I would  need a letter from my doctor indicating the medical condition that exists and  justifying sick leave pay at 90%  3. If I want to take after the 6 week period an unpaid leave of absence,  whose approval do I need? Does unpaid leave affect any of my current  benefits (i.e., options that are due to vest, medical, parking etc.) If I am  on unpaid leave and Enron offers a stock option program at year end, am I  still eligible? I will contact Carmen about the forms that I need to fill out. Please let me  know if you are not the right person to answer these questions. I am  scheduled to meet with mark haedicke tomorrow afternoon at 2 to go over my  plans.   <Sep> Subject :  Benefits Questions 
Email : Pam: We have an opening in our group for a legal assistant position. Do you know  of anyone over there that might be interested? We would prefer someone with  transactional experience. Salary ranges vary depending upon experience, but  I think we are pretty competitive. If you know of anyone please have them  call me as we are looking to fill this position ASAP. Also, would it be  possible for you and I to get together 1 more time for lunch before I leave? How does the week of July 10th look?   <Sep> Subject :  Legal Assistant Position 
Email : Russell: Here are the credit related comments that Pancanadian Energy Services Inc.  made   1. They want the definition of Specified Indebtedness to exclude obligations  with Affiliates. This is how it is defined in the Canadian Master. 2. They want a Minimum Transfer Amount for each of us of $100,000. 3. They want rounding to be reduced to $100,000 for each of us. 4. In the definition of Letter of Credit, they want the LC Bank to either be  a major US or Canadian Bank, but not a foreign bank with a US branch office. 5. In the definition of Material Adverse Change, they want to delete the  Current assets/Current Liabilities ratio trigger. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  PanCanadian's Credit Comments 
Email : Mary: Enclosed is the Counterparty form that we have come up with for Multi-Product  Guarantys. Depending upon the products that need to be covered, each  Guaranty will need to be modified to make sure that it describes the proper  entities and products. I will send along the Enron form of this shortly but  please pass this along to the appropriate people in the credit group. Jeff, Stacy and Harry, Are you going to change the Physical product form of Guaranty to look more  like this? Power has changed their form and it may help for us to all be  consistent especially when we are asked to amend an existing Guaranty to  include more products. If you do decide to amend your form, please send the  new form to credit. Thanks for everyone's input.   <Sep> Subject :  Multi-Product Counterparty Guaranty 
Email : HR confirmed that Stephanie is still interested and has not been hired by  anyone else. Please let me know if you feel we should contact her for  purposes of indicating to her our interest in her and obtaining salary  information from her. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Stephanie Panus 
Email : Russell: Their attorney finally contacted me and we talked about the ESP rules. She  is going to do further research in light of the fact that for regulatory  purposes Utilicorp, the GP, cannot furnish a Guaranty. I alos mentioned to  her that at the very least we would like to make Utilicorp a "Specified  Entity" so that they would be part of the credit-related Events of Default in  the ISDA Master. As a general rule, we recommend in circumstances where the  counterparty is an LP and you are relying on the GP's credit, making the GP a  "Specified Entity" so that for example their bankruptcy would trigger an  Event of Default. Call me if you have any questions. carol   <Sep> Subject :  EnergyOne Ventures 
Email : Mark and Leslie: Claudio wants to talk to someone about this weather/power online product that  he is working on. Enclosed is info on it. Who should he be talking to  about this? He is anxious to meet and I told him that as soon as we figured  out who his legal contact would be we would meet with him. Please let me  know your thoughts. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  PJM Power Demand 
Email : Mary: Enclosed is the form of Enron Guaranty that we would propose using for  multi-products. Again, like the counterparty form that I sent around  earlier,  this form will need to be modified depending upon the products that  need to be covered and the parties involved. Please distribute as  appropriate to the credit group.   <Sep> Subject :  Enron Multi-Product Guaranty 
Email : John: I understand from Tana Jones that we are going to try to put an ISDA in place  today. We should be sending you the draft shortly. Please call me directly  with any comments or questions that you may have. Please pass the  information below  to anyone else that may be working on this from your end. Thanks. I look forward to hearing from you.   <Sep> Subject :  ISDA Draft 
Email : Susan: Please update me with where things stand on Columbia, both with respect to  the assignment of transactions with Columbia Masters to our Masters and  assignment of confirms without Masters to our Master, to the extent that we  have one. Thanks. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Columbia 
Email : Tanya: Here are the credit related comments that we received from Quaker Oats'  counsel:  1. They prefer Market Quotation instead of Loss. This will obviously be a  discussion point given the type of commodity that we anticipate. trading with  them  2. They want a Minimum Transfer Amount just for them of $250,000. 3. They want to reduce rounding to $25,000. 4. They do not want the provisions of section 6(c) of the CSA to apply at any  time. 5. They deleted the concept that a party holding an LC could draw on it if  there was an Event of Default, meaning that we would have to wait to  terminate and have a payment  obligation owing to us before we could draw. 6. They do not want any LC to be transferable. 7. They want the Enron Guaranty to cover our obligation to return collateral  taht has been posted to us, which I guess means that if we didn't return  collateral to them then they could go after Enron for that amount. Without  this language they would have to declare an Event of Default,  terminate and  then go after Enron for any amount that we owed them. To the extent that we  were holding cash colateral, they could offset that amount against amounts  that they might owe us. This is an interesting issue and one that I have not  seen before. 8. They want the Guaranty cap to be rased to $25,000,000. Where does this ISDA stand on the priority list? Is this something I should  try to push forward in the next week or 2 while I am hear or can it wait? Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Quaker Oats 
Email : Robert: I am still waiting to hear back from our credit person on some of the credit  comments that you made, but here is my response to the legal and certain of  the credit comments:  1. I am okay with the first paragraph of Insert 1. I would like to talk to  you about the second paragraph. 2. We have a strong preference and policy towards using Loss rather than  Market Quotation. 3. Inserts 2, 3, 4 and 5 are okay. In addition. our tax people are now  advising us to require the delivery of W-9's to part 3. 4. NY is okay with governing law. 5. On arbitration, other than changing the location, I would prefer to go   <Sep> Subject :  Response to Comments 
Email : Mary: After reviewing heir form of Guaranty, I would prefer that we use our  multi-product form. Their form is more suited to guarantees of debt. If  they insist on using our form , I would be happy to mark it up but the  mark-up would be fairly substantial. Let me know what you want to do. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Duke Guaranty 
Email : Brant: Just wanted to follow up with you on this. Did you ever talk to the  Counterparty about how we were going to treat the "Additional Amount"  collateral that they posted? Carol   <Sep> Subject :  chatauqua 
Email : Debra: Susan Flynn mentioned that you might be able to help me out on getting some  Enron stuff for the kids that I teach Junior Achievement to at my son's  school. I have been trying to contact someone that would be willing to give  this class some Enron freebies with no luck. I think that Marge Nadasky was  the last person that my secretary talked to. Do you know of anyone that can  help me out? Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Misc 
Email : Steve and/or Rhett: We are trying to finalize an ISDA with the above counterparty which is  a  Bermuda company. They made 1 tax comment to our Schedule. Currently, they  rep to us that Each payment received or to be received by them in connect  with the Master Agreement will not be effectively connected with its conduct  of a trade or business in the US. They want to add the following to this rep:  Each payment to be received by it in connection with the Master Agreement  will be either foreign source income under the Code or portfolio interest  within the meaning of Section 881(c) of the Code or gain derived from the  cash settlement of an option. Is this okay? As my days are numbered here if there is any way that I could  get some feedback on this this week that would be great so that at least I  can respond to them. Thanks. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Commercial Risk Reinsurance Company Limited 
Email : Luanne: I made a mistake on the language that we sent you on MAC. On the last part  where it talks about a failure to be rated, my understanding from our  discussions is that a MAC would only be triggered if a party's credit support  provider failed to be rated by either S&P or Moody's  so that if it lost one  rating but maintained the other rating a MAC would not be triggered. For  this reason the amendment should read ...or its Credit Support Provider shall  fail to have a rating from either S&P or Moody's. Please confirm that this is your understanding and sorry for the confusion.   <Sep> Subject :  MAC Language 
Email : Tana: As we discussed, here is my list of amendments that are according to my  records in various stages of negotiation:  1. Allegheny energy - Patricia Clark sent to Frank Davis her comments on June  15th by e-mail. I responded on June 19th and have never heard back from  her. Most of her comments we could not accept. None of her comments have  been run by Dave. 2. Imperial Oil -  Grant Oh was handling this. They had 3 comments. most of  which we could not accept. I spoke with Grant about this around June 6th and  have never heard back from him. None of their proposed changes have been run  by Dave. 3. Kennecott Coal Sales Company - A draft amendment letter which Dave F. has  approved was sent to them on May 15th. My contact there is Jim Sobule  Wayne  Gresham is alos involved in this. I have never heard back from Jim. 4. Arco - We received by e-mail comments from David Dyck at Arco in March. Tori Kuykendall and Grant Oh are involved from the Enron side. I responded   to David Dyck by e-mail on March 10th and have never heard anything further  on this. None of their comments or my response has been reviewed by Dave. 5. Chevron - Canada - I received a letter from Bruce Borwick  on January 31st  which I responded to and have never heard anything further from them. Dave  has not reviewed their comments or my response. 6. Cargill - I sent to Mike Pederson a form of amendment letter which I don't  think has been signed. They wanted a minor change to the confidentiality  language. Dave has not seen this but in the event that Cargill comes back to  life, i doubt that he will have a problem with it. 7. Cinergy - I sent a draft amendment letter which dave approved to John  Dirheimer on May 15th. To my knowledge it has not been signed. 8. Duke Energy - I sent a draft amendment letter to John Puett on May 15th  which Dave approved. To my knowledge, it has not been signed. 9. Talisman - we have been exchanging drafts of a revised ETA for months. My  contact there is Ann Love. We are close to reaching agreement with them and  mark has been involved in some of the early discussions. I am sending to  Dave a mark-up of the revised agreement for his approval. All of the ETA amendment letters and the Talisman revised ETA are in my  directory under specproj/online. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Status of Online Amendments 
Email : Here is my first cut at a proposed form of amendment. I have added a rep and  an additional Event of Default to cover the 'Lien" issue in light of the fact  that Barrett's Credit Agreement restricts them from entering into any  agreement that contains a negative pledge. I winged the amendment to the  Confirmations since I have not seen them yet. Please call me with any  comments. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Barrett Amendment 
Email : Russell: Here is a summary of the ownership chain of Global Companies LLC:  1. Its members are Global Petroleum Corp. ("GPC"), YPF Distribution Company  ("YPF") and Montello Oil Corporation ("Montello"). From what they sent to  us, I could not tell the ownership percentages. 2. The affairs of Global are managed by a "Board of Governors" who are  selected by the members. Specifically, GPC and Montello collectively get to  choose 3 board members and YPF gets to choose 3 board members. I your credit worksheet, you had specified as a "MAC" trigger if YPF, SA  fails to own at least 51% of Global Companies. Is this the same entity as  YPF Distribution Company? Do you want this as a MAC or as an Additional  Event of Default or Termination Event? Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Global Companies LLC 
Email : Susan and Samantha: We are in the process of completing a quarter end project called Project  Margaux and have completed the Raptor II project. With respect to Project  Margaux, please coordinate with Mark Evans in London to get closing sets of  documents. With respect to Raptor II, I will leav a message with Alicia  Curry at V&E to send you the closing sets. I will leave with you my closing  binder on Raptor I.  Sara, It might not be a bad idea to meet with Brenda Funk in the next few weeks to  get updated on all of the qaurter end delas. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Project Margaux and Raptor II 
Email : David: Mark and I were reviewing the Eligible Swap Participant rules and the  following issue came up:  If our counterparty is a limited partnership but our credit group is relying  on the credit of the GP, do the rules require a written guaranty from the GP  or is it enough to rely on the fact that under law the GP is jointly and  severally liable for the LP's obligations? One of our counterparties is a  limited partnership whose GP is a utility and their counsel has advised us  that for regulatory reasons, the GP cannot enter into a Guaranty. I look  forward to hearing from you. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  ESP Question 
Email : Alicia: I'm assuming that I will be gone when the closing sets for raptor II are sent  out. Could you please send one set to Susan Bailey, a legal assistant in our  group, so we have one for the swap files? Susan's number is 853-4737. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Raptor II 
Email : Susan and Samantha: Who has inherited this file from Susan? I have a mrk-up based on comments  that I have been discussing with thier counsel that I need to give to someone. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Equitable LLC 
Email : Rod: I don't know if you are still handling this. We are close to getting this  finalized. One credit comment from them that I need someone's thoughts on. They want the Issuer of LC's to maintain a credit rating of A from S&P and A2  from Moody's. We usually put A- and A3. are you okay with this? If I need  to run this by someone else please let me know.   <Sep> Subject :  Deutsche Bank 
Email : Mr. Davis: Susan Flynn passed on to me your comments to the ISDA draft. Please call me  when you are ready to discuss. With respect to the Guaranty amendment that  we had requested, it is just meant to clarify in the termination section that  if the Guaranty is terminated then the Guarantor is still responsible for all  of the Counterparty's obligations with respect to any transactions that were  entered into prior to the termination date, even if such obligations are  incurred after the termination date. I do not feel that the termination  language, as currently written in both the WPS and Enron Guarantys clearly  reflects this concept as the language as currently written states that the  Guaranty "is revocable only with respect to liabilities occurring on or after  the termination date." I look forward to hearing from you.   <Sep> Subject :  ISDA Comments 
Email : Susan and Samantha: This is a file that apparently Shari worked on and Susan Flynn gave to me. I  have resolved the last tax issue and I will mark up the existing draft which  then should be ready to sign. There are some Guaranty issues that I need to  take care of but in the meantime I will need one of you to revise the draft  and coordinate getting it signed by the counterparty. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Commercial Risk Reinsurance Company Limited 
Email : Tana: I sent to Luke Mickum a new draft of the Engage US amendment. He never did  send me his comments. The file with the new draft will be with the files  near the window just in case. He wants to resolve the US one before we  resolve the Canada one. Coastal is now going to Guaranty the US one. I'm  not yet sure if they will also Guaranty the Canada one so we might end up now  with 2 separate guarantys. I'll keep you posted. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Engage 
Email : Zulie: I am teaching a junior achievement course to a third grade class at my son's  school. I would like to reward these kids for the work that they have done  and someone in my group mentioned that in some cases, Enron has something  akin to a "goodie bag" that they give out to kids. Would I be eligible for  this? I wasn't sure if I would and thought that at least it doesn't hurt to  ask. My extension is 33989. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Junior Achievement Class 
Email : Suzanne: Could you obtain a few of each of these for me or if they are available  on-line let me know where? We alos need to talk about getting my office  ready for the move. Please stop by when you can. Thanks. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Other Forms we may need 
Email : Tanya: When the Columbia purchase was done in January, did the 1/30/98 ISDA Master  between ENA and Columbia Energy Services Corporation stay with Columbia or  come over to us? The reason that I am asking is that they have sent ENA a  letter notifying us of Columbia's transfer of its rights under such Master to  The New Power Company, so it seems as if they believe that that Master was  not part of our acquisition. Who in credit needs to be aware of this if in  fact this Master will be assigned to New Power? Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Columbia assignment 
Email : Mark: Who should handle this? Given my situation, I would prefer not to take this  on and I have talked to Seth about my situation. Please let me know what you  think. Would this be something that Lou Stoler would work on with our help? Carol   <Sep> Subject :  sorema structure 
Email : Mark: I received a notice in the mail in connection with Columbia Energy Services  Corporation's sale of its "Mass Markets" business to The New Power Company. The purpose of the notice was to inform us that effective July 31, 2000  Columbia would be assigning its interest in the January 30, 1998 ISDA Master  Agreement that it has with ENA to New Power as well as all transactions under  it. Please call me if you have any questions about this. I expect that we  will receive shortly a formal consent agreement.   <Sep> Subject :  Columbia/New Power Asset Purchase 
Email : Christine: John Suttle will be sending you by fax our the Assignment executed by ENA. Could you please send me the signature pages for Chase and Barrett once they  have been executed? Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Chase Assignment 
Email : Michele: I just wanted to confirm with you that you had everything you need in  connection with my maternity leave/leave of absence. As I think I indicated  to you, the December 31 date that Mark gave in his e-mail to you is a  "tentative" date and I may return earlier or with Mark's permission, extend  the date. Please call me if you have any questions. I will send you the  doctor's note showing the delivery date once that occurs. could you please  send me your fax number? Also, could you please have someone deliver to me  (EB 3892) the insurance form that I need or fax it to me at 646-3393. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Maternity Leave 
Email : Susan and Samantha: I thought that both of you should have this. This is the new draft of  Deutsche Bank schedules which I plan to review. I have forwarded this to Rod  Nelson.   <Sep> Subject :  DB/Enron ISDA 
Email : Cindy: Thought I would try e-mailing you since using the phone is more of a  challenge. So far so good although I can't say that we are on any type of  schedule. Before I forget, what is the name of the breast pump that you are  using? Looks like the one that I have is not that great. How many ounces  should I expect to be able to pump? I'm trying to judge whether I should  keep this pump. Anyway, back to Charles Eugene, he is pretty much of a night  owl so i try to sleep when he does when I can. We are ion a feeding frenzy  every 21/2 to 3 hours and I'm hoping I can extend that at night soon. Any  suggestions? What type of formula do you use? Alos, do you have any secret  methods for putting Jillian down to sleep? Do you let her suck on a  pacifier? All Charles wants to do is suck on me. Arthur was better at  falling asleep on his own. How's Jillian doing ? I can't wait to see a picture of her and I will be  sending out pictures soon. Arthur is adjusting well. He is really into  tennis now which I am thrilled about. We were able to convince Bill's mother  not to come this weekend because I am not quite up to a visit. I think she  took it well but you never can tell, but at this point I really don't care  what she thinks because i am not ready for her to visit until I'm more mobile  which hopefully I will be in another week or 2. Sue, How are you and Cate doing? Can you talk to mom about scheduling a  visit so  that we can schedule a christening date? Bill's older sister's husband Bill  is the godfather. Mom mentioned late August but I would like to pin  something down soon so that we can make the necessary arrangements. Well, I've got to go as I hear Charles waking up. Take care both of you and  call or write me. Love, Carol   <Sep> Subject :  How Are you? 
Email : Terry: Just wanted to let you know that our son, Charles Eugene, was born on July  12th. He is absolutely beautiful and well worth the long wait and all of the  time and effort that it took to have him. After a prolonged stay in the  hospital, we are both home now and doing really well. I'm on cloud nine and  I'm sure that all of this will hit me soon. Hope you are doing well. Take  care.   <Sep> Subject :  Birth Announcement 
Email : Suzanne: There is a savings bond program that Enron sponsors for year 2000 newborns. Could you please find out what I need to do to apply for one. I thought that  i saw something in workperks about it. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Savings Bonds 
Email : We produce political/public affairs television programs which air in state capitols. Currently we are in Pennsylvania and Ohio, expanding into NJ, Md and DE. The disruptive technology is this: the real target of the TV show is the guest, not the audience. Lobbyists have trouble scheduling time with politicians and regulators, and when they get on the schedule lobbyists have time getting genuine intellectual focus from government decision makers. We don't have trouble with either. Every politician and appointee wants to be on television, they always say yes. When they ask us what the topics will be, and we mention something like telecommunications competition or electricity deregulation they want briefing material which they actually study in order to do well on television. In addition by inviting journalists and radio and television commentators as members of out panel we have the same effect on them. In short:   Step one: identify gov't decision makers that our sponsors want to influence Step two: invite them on the program and, in doing so, develop rapport with their key staff members on the relevant issues Step three: send briefing materials and/or give a briefing in person before the the taping Step four: towards the end of a show in which the Newsmaker has largely been bragging about his/her policy agenda Step five: steer the conversation to sponsor selected topics, framing the issue in such a way as to make it very difficult for the guest to resist the conclusions suggested by the host. Step six: take the statement of support for the position we favor e.g. tort reform, privatization, deregulation, tax cuts, etc. (which by the way we almost always are able to get from the guest on the air) and in addition to airing along with the airing of the rest of the show, we digitize it and send it out to legislators, regulators and the proper beat reporters via email making it almost impossible for the newsmaker to back off later. Current sponsors: Medical Society, Hospital Association, State System of Higher Education, Manufacturers Association, Cornell Corrections, AT&T. Levels: 25K, 50K, 100K per year for Pa; 15k for Ohio (one level only). This is an amazingly simple, elegant and direct way to influence policy makers and opinion molders and we do not have an energy-oriented firms in partnership with us. Enron and Newsmakers are a very good fit. I'll be in touch,   p.s. Sponsorship can be done in ways that are not visible if you prefer, via intermediaries, if you are publicity shy. Jerry Bowyer Pennsylvania Newsmakersseen across the state on these television stations: www.jerrybowyer.com/coveragemap.php      The Jerry Bowyer Programon WPTT radio in Pittsburgh, 1360am: www.1360wptt.com/bowyer  Focus on the Issueson Cornerstone Television Audio clips from these programs can be heard at www.jerrybowyer.com/audio.php   <Sep> Subject :  disruptive technology, short and simple and confidential 
Email : As requested, please see attached list of bonds that we have received cancellation notices on. I spoke to Kate Joslyn, Enron Direct Canada and she said they are working on the sale of Enron Direct Canada. If you need any more information, please let me know   <Sep> Subject :  Bond Cancellation - EES/Enron Energy Marketing Corp/Enron Power  Marketing/ENA 
Email : We have received invoices from MAIN region for 2002 assessment. I do not know of any Enron positions that would warrant us making payment. However, let me know. Enron SE  past due  $3925.45 EPMI  past due  $13426.43   <Sep> Subject :  MAIN invoices 
Email : Phil - Per our conversation, Enron has successfully procured sufficient UCAP for January 2002 through NYISO's Monthly Auction. The total dollar amount for that Obligation is $219,189. Enron posted $750,000 in collateral to participate in the Monthly UCAP Auction on Dec-07. Enron is requesting the difference between what was posted and the cost of our Obligation wired back to Enron's Account;  that difference is $530,811. It is understood that Enron is obliged to re-post collateral come the following UCAP Auction in early January for February's Obligation. Wade -  Can you please e-mail Phil Gootee and Mike Mackles from NYISO Credit Dep't wiring instruction for the $530,811. Thank you. Please call with any questions.   <Sep> Subject :  Money Back to Enron from NYISO from ICAP residual 
Email : Please find attached EES' revised Cash Forecast for 12/17/2001. This has been updated to reflect new estimates for Gas and Power Purchases to get us through the holidays. Also, I put in $10MM of EFS receipts for tomorrow as it is my understanding that there is that much additional received not yet deposited. I  have not forecasted any disbursements for Wed - Friday assuming they get in. Wade   <Sep> Subject :  REVISED EES 12/17/2001 
Email : Just a reminder when drafting any documents that refer to EES's load:  there are over 17,000 meters associated with this load and any estimates of projected load are based upon incomplete data and a fair amount of guess work. Tim Coffing has significantly improved this process; however, it is my understanding that we do not have, even at this time, a 100% accurate picture of historic usage, much less precise forecasts. Therefore, I strongly suggest liberal use of the word approximate when referring to Enron's California load. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  EES load data 
Email : Jim-  I was hoping that you could give me a status update on the outstanding invoices from PJM to the two Enron subs. It was my understanding that you were going to be discussing them with the "5 day" committee today. Given the ramifications of a default, some of which we spoke of this morning, I would like to stay as up-to-date as possible with Enron's plans and intentions. Thank you very much,   <Sep> Subject :  Status of invoices 
Email : Ben Jacoby told me that the state of Tenn. (through an Energy Policy Committee) has implemented a moratorium on the state reviewing air permits and siting on new IPPs. Apparently TVA is exempt from the moratorium. He heard that TVA has been telling the govenor's office that all the new IPPs coming on line in Tenn. are putting TVA's transmission resource at jeopardy. If this is being said, it is incorrect because, per TVA's "procedures", TVA conducts an interconnection study before connection, so TVA actually approves the interconnection, plus TVA would not let the IPP purchase transmission (or would cut its transmission). Enron's proposed plant in Tenn. already has the air permit, so Ben is not as concerned about Enron's plants. However, this type of behavior could show that TVA may be simply keeping IPPs off its system (even though presumably they would pay it revenue -- same problems that we continue to have with VIUs). Could this be helpful in messaging somehow to DOE, etc. that TVA should be in an RTO?   <Sep> Subject :  TVA 
Email : Jim   Speaking with Don Miller last night he has indicated that Jeff McMahon would like to secure our membership and ongoing participation in NEPOOL and possibly other Pools, and is prepared to make cash available through the Cash Committee. While we discussed a number of options, the starting point is to identify the contracts that are in the money to EPMI and which have not yet been terminated. The long term deals that we have been looking at in NEPOOL are NSTAR, UI and CMP. We are getting closer to an acceptable internal valuation of these and need to get a "robust" number that we can defend in order to release cash from the Cash Committee. The three main cash related issues we need to address as I see it in the short term are: (1) We must provide NEPOOL with the comfort, possibly even in the form of a pre-pay, that we will pay our invoices for November, especially since the bonds we posted terminate on 29, December (2) We must provide cash collateral immediately and (3) We will need pay our NEPOOL invoices over a two, or possibly, one week period to reduce NEPOOL's exposure to EPMI. This creates cash flow issues as we are only paid monthly by our customers. With the one way payment issue we are facing with NSTAR and UI there is clearly little incentive for them to re-negotiate their contracts. Turning to point (2), it is not clear to me whether we will be able to post the $137,390,360.10 and I will assume that we will not get the authority to post this but a lesser amount. In trying to provide NEPOOL with comfort as to their exposures it may be that we can get them to agree that for the foreseeable future we will only be serving certain contracts and that the collateral requirement be based solely on EPMI serving those contracts. I am not confident however that NEPOOL has the authority to what is in effect change the Financial Assurance Policy for one Participant, without approval of all Participants and approval of FERC, but we can explore this with them. If the price of energy, ICAP and other services moves up then EPMI should be given a reasonable period of time to post further collateral. That way we can hopefully reduce the initial amount we post and if the price moves up we can elect at that point whether to retain our membership or relinquish it. While EPMI will be taking market risk, which ill not be hedged, it will have the ability to stop performing f the price moves against it. It should not be forgotten that both the NSTAR and UI deals are one way payments and there is no time limit as to when either of these counterparties can claim a default due to EPMI's bankruptcy. The effect of this being that we are at risk from a termination by these two counterparties at any time and since we are currently the "Defaulting Party" we would not receive any Early Termination Payment. CMP is a two way payment and therefore there may well be some merit in entering into a term energy purchase deal to lock in value to this contract. I am not aware of what EES is trying to do with NEPOOL, or the other pools in the North East, however I thought it would be helpful if they knew what we were trying to do and why. Any input as to what EES is doing and any merit in a joint approach could be explored if both companies considered value could be achieved. Finally, the recipients of this email will hopefully know of other people, for example in credit, scheduling and settlements who could assist in ensuring that we can accurately value and schedule the contracts we would like to continue performing under, please pass these on to Don Miller who is coordinating this initiative. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  NEPOOL 
Email : Dear Friends,   As has been my custom for the last several years since my moving from New Yorkto CaliforniaI am sending a message wishing each and every one of you and your families the Happiest and Healthiest of Holiday Seasons. This year perhaps more than ever I have had the chance to think about how fortunate I have been to be able to send a greeting out to so many people with whom I have had the opportunity to work with and call my friends over the years. From the old NYPP to ABB, APX and Enron, it has been my pleasure to have worked with you. No matter where I have gone I have been lucky enough to met and work with some of the best people in the industry. My hope for each of you is to have a prosperous New Year and that I have the opportunity to see you again as time moves forward. Happy Holidays,   <Sep> Subject :  Merry Christmas and Happy New Year 
Email : FYI. I lifted this from SoCalGas' responses filed today to PUC questions regarding our electric and gas activities in California. We may want to get our hands on the filing, which I do not have. Best,   <Sep> Subject :  SoCalGas Files Motion with Bankruptcy Court Regarding Gas Business  with Enron 
Email : We have previously told the TX PUC Staff we will be posting required collateral of $100,000 by the end of the month  (as required by Rule 25.107(f)) in order to maintain EES certification. The requirement is that we maintain "unused cash resources of at least $100,000, which will allow the REP to incur in Texas up to $250,000 in total monthly billings from TDUs." Staff says we can meet this requirement by posting the $$ to an account of our choice. We just need to notify them where the money is and state the money is for the purpose of this rule.   <Sep> Subject :  TX Collateral posting 
Email : Kim, I have done an exhaustive audit of what needs to be paid in order to bring our DA bills current in PGE and SCE. All the bills included on these files are pre-petition. We are not past due on any post-petition  bills. I will be out until January 2 (unless Evan can come up with a compelling reason for me to come back sooner) so I am saving the files on the P drive in a folder called "Diann" in case a payment needs to be made this week. I will be in town, so please don't hesitate to page me if you have questions. (The two files with CPUC on the end are the files which go to Jean Bennett with Goodin, et al.) In summary, we need to pay $14,313,872.35 to bring us current:  SCE Disputed bills = $1,349,729.51 to be wired to Goodin, et al SCE Undisputed bills = $276,090.13 to be paid to UDC  PGE Disputed = $11,713,991.02 to be wired to Goodin, et al PGE Undisputed = $974,061.69 to be paid to UDC   <Sep> Subject :  DA Payments Due for PGE and SCE 
Email : I have talked to Penny Price 614-460-5540 about the letter COH sent to our customers. We estimate we have lost 5-10% of our customers effective for January because of this letter. She was to have their attorney, Dave Keenan, call me but I haven't heard from him yet. I told her we will want a clarifying letter to go out and a retraction to the statement "Enron may or may not be able to supply your customer needs." A gas contact at the OH PUC is Kerry Adkins 614-752-9374. I have told other staffers of the problem ( Tamara Turkenton of Consumer Services) and she gave me Kerry's name.   <Sep> Subject :  Columbia of Ohio 
Email : Jim and Rick,   I will am resigning from Enron and terminating my employment, effective December 31, 2001. At the first of the year, I will be joining the consulting team building RTO West. It has been a great opportunity to work with you here at Enron. I have learned a great deal. Thanks for all you kindnesses to me. Steve   Contact Information:   <Sep> Subject :  Resignation from Enron 
Email : In our department, we have received two letters as follows:   1. A letter from ISO New England notifying us that EES is in "Finanacial Assurance Defuals." According to the letter, EES "must cure this Finanacial Assurance Default on or before December 21, 2001." This letter was originally mailed to Richard Ring (EES), Becky Pitre (EES), and Jim Steffes (EPMI) from the ISO New England. 2. A letter from ISO New England with the correspondence that they received from Safeco Insurance Company about them not extending "Surety Credit to Enron Post Petition." I am forwarding copies to both Karen Cordova and Jim Steffes. Please let me know if there are any questions. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Letter form ISO New England 
Email : It is my understanding, as much as anyone knows it today, that between now and January 2, 2002, we do not have to post any collateral or other payments (other than payment for commodity) to keep contracts we want to keep alive. Dan and Janet are meeing with McMahon today at 2:00 to discuss our overall strategy. Can you confirm back to me the above comment. Thanks   <Sep> Subject :  Collateral 
Email : See attached revised schedule:  Primary Changes  NEPOOL requirement to pay accrued post- petition charges and start pre-paying for energy. I understand Dave Gorte is aware of this decision by EPMI, EES and EEMC; and  We bought California gas through the end of the year today and payment is required tomorrow. Sorry for the late changes. Wade   <Sep> Subject :  REVISED UPDATE 12/20/2001 
Email : Attached please find the actions of the December 18, 2001 Reliability Committee meeting. This material will also be posted on the ISO Website. Richard W. Burke, Secretary NEPOOL Reliability Committee   <<RC_ACTIONS_011218.doc>>   - RC_ACTIONS_011218.doc   <Sep> Subject :  12/18/01 RC Actions Letter 
Email : It currently looks like we will not have any wire requests today for power prepayments. East Power - We are currently working with PJM and NEPOOL to come to a payment resolution to remain active and current in those two markets, and will not have any need for a wire transfers today (the earliest we will need may be tomorrow depending upon form of resolution). Additionally, given the post Christmas market conditions and lack of liquidity (and staffing needs in companies other than Enron), Kevin and Dana were not able to execute any bilateral prepay deals for the regions outside PJM and NEPOOL. They will be continuing to push these deals for the next several days, but realistically, it may be next week before we can actually pull these off. West Power -  We will have tomorrow a detailed prepay list and wire requests for the first week of January. Thanks for everyone's help with this process. Don   <Sep> Subject :  Power Prepayments 
Email : Attached is the EES update for 12/27. We have received the NEPOOL escrow instructions and amount, but not the sign off yet to fund. I assume this will have to be Friday, so its in the forecast for tomorrow. If not, then it will be Monday or later next week. Thanks   <Sep> Subject :  Update 12/27/2001 
Email : This is a notice to inform you that the server where your Outlook mailbox resides is scheduled for an outage tonight. Your mailbox will be temporarily unavailable starting anytime after 11pm and may continue to be unavailable until 1 a.m., when all server maintenance work have been completed. Outlook Web Access (OWA) will also be unavailable during this time. Blackberry users:  Message delivery may be delayed for a few minutes. If you have any questions, please call the Resolution Center at x31411.   <Sep> Subject :  CORRECTION:  Outlook Outage - Friday, December 28, 2001 
Email : This week on Pennsylvania Newsmakers, State Senator Allen Kukovich talks about the key issues in his campaign for Lieutenant Governor, and a representative of the PA Council of Chief Probation Officers discusses the very difficult questions involved in sentencing and incarcerating juvenile offenders. Broadcast this week on the following stations: ? WGAL Channel 8 (Harrisburg and Lancaster) - Sunday 11am, Dec 30th  ? WFMZ 69 (Allentown & Philadelphia) - Monday 11pm, Dec 31st  ? WBGN (Pittsburgh) - Sat 3:00 pm, Dec 29th  ? WKBS 47 (Altoona) - Thurs 11pm, Friday 5:30pm and Sat 12:30pm, Jan 3rd, 4th and 5th    On cable: ? Blue Ridge Communications Cable TV 13 - Sunday 3:30 pm, Dec 30th  CATV Channel 8 - Tues 7pm and Wed 1pm, Jan 1st and 2nd       To unsubscribe reply to jerrybowyer@attbi.com  with "remove" in the subject line. Jerry Bowyer Pennsylvania Newsmakersseen across the state on these television stations: www.jerrybowyer.com/coveragemap.php      The Jerry Bowyer Programon WPTT radio in Pittsburgh, 1360am: www.1360wptt.com/bowyer  Focus on the Issueson Cornerstone Television Audio clips from these programs can be heard at www.jerrybowyer.com/audio.php   <Sep> Subject :  Kukovich for Lt. Governor, on Pennsylvania Newsmakers 
Email : Your mailbox has exceeded one or more size limits set by your administrator. Your mailbox size is 322390 KB. Mailbox size limits:  You will receive a warning when your mailbox reaches 315000 KB.You may not be able to send or receive new mail until you reduce your mailbox size. To make more space available, delete any items that you are no longer using or move them to your personal folder file (.pst). Items in all of your mailbox folders including the Deleted Items and Sent Items folders count against your size limit. You must empty the Deleted Items folder after deleting items or the space will not be freed. See client Help for more information.   <Sep> Subject :  Your mailbox is over its size limit 
Email : This week on Pennsylvania Newsmakers, CEO of the Hospital and Healthsystem Association of Pennsylvania Carolyn Scanlon tells viewers why something must be done now about the outrageous medical liability premiums that are forcing many doctors to shut down their practices. The CEO of Summit Health also joins our panel of guests for discussion of this topic, and others. Broadcast this week on the following stations: ? WGAL Channel 8 (Harrisburg and Lancaster) - Sunday 11am, Dec 23rd  ? WFMZ 69 (Allentown & Philadelphia) - Monday 11pm, Dec 24th  ? WBGN (Pittsburgh) - Sat 3:00 pm, Dec 22nd  ? WKBS 47 (Altoona) - Thurs 11pm, Friday 5:30pm and Sat 12:30pm, Dec 27th, 28th and 29th    On cable: ? Blue Ridge Communications Cable TV 13 - Sunday 3:30 pm, Dec 23rd   CATV Channel 8 - Tues 7pm and Wed 1pm, Dec 25th and 26th        To unsubscribe reply to jerrybowyer@home.com  with "remove" in the subject line. Jerry Bowyer Pennsylvania Newsmakersseen across the state on these television stations: www.jerrybowyer.com/coveragemap.php      The Jerry Bowyer Programon WPTT radio in Pittsburgh, 1360am: www.1360wptt.com/bowyer  Focus on the Issueson Cornerstone Television Audio clips from these programs can be heard at www.jerrybowyer.com/audio.php   <Sep> Subject :  Increasing Crisis in Medical Care 
Email : Your mailbox has exceeded one or more size limits set by your administrator. Your mailbox size is 322408 KB. Mailbox size limits:  You will receive a warning when your mailbox reaches 315000 KB.You may not be able to send or receive new mail until you reduce your mailbox size. To make more space available, delete any items that you are no longer using or move them to your personal folder file (.pst). Items in all of your mailbox folders including the Deleted Items and Sent Items folders count against your size limit. You must empty the Deleted Items folder after deleting items or the space will not be freed. See client Help for more information.   <Sep> Subject :  Your mailbox is over its size limit 
Email : Guys,  Attached is my strategy plan for Ontario over the next four months. I have discussed it with Paul DeVries and Rob Milnthorp and they are supportive. My market opening strategy dovetails with my thoughts on staffing in Toronto which are that we need immediate short term full time support for the next few for Enron Direct from either a contract employee/consultant/lawyer knowledgeable on Ontario retail and gas issues. This person would be supported by me, Fino Tiberi, and Vinio Floris and may be offered a permanent position based on their performance during the contract period. The project would be to do the assembly of pertinent rules, legislation, tariffs, etc that govern the retail gas and power markets in Ontario (same project Fino and Dave Vetsch are doing in Alberta). On wholesale and market opening issues I intend to wait on replacing Aleck and instead rely solely on the market opening strategy (which includes my personal involvement) to cover off our advocacy requirements in Ontario over the next four months. Coverage of more technical issues (eg those dealt with by the IMO Techical Panel) will be covered by me and Garrett Tripp (the trader in the Toronto Office who apparently has time given he is waiting for market opening). I don't expect the technical work in requirements in Ontario will be extensive. Before the end of February, I will have a much better sense of the prospect for market opening and will then resume the search for a permanent Government Affairs staff member to assume Aleck's former responsibilities. Obviously nothing in this is written in stone, so I wanted to discuss with you guys preferrably today so or Monday morning. I can be reached on my cell phone today at (403) 818-6797 (except between 12:00 and 4:00 your time when I am on a plane back to Calgary)  Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Ontario Market Opening Strategy 
Email : 1)  The G-IMB rate is the monthly gas adjustment rate published on their web page. For Sept., it was $3.92 per Dth. (Last winter, it exceeded $60 per Dth.) The calculation under Sec 6 of the margin agreement would always use the most recently published price. 2)  Their current calculation shows a short of 76,000 Dth based on usage of 648,000 and delivery of 572,000. Brent will fax me the actual documentation. 3)  Gas in storage is not pledgeable for this purpose. They are saying storage gas is already required under the contract. Brent told me there will definitely be a letter sent to Enron today spelling out the request and consequences for non-compliance by the 13th. I need to know who all should receive this letter and proposed agreement.   <Sep> Subject :  Answers from SoCal 
Email : As discussed at the meeting this afternoon attended by Jim Steffes, Becky Cantrell, Brian Redmond, Tom Martin, Pat Keene, and Jean Ryall (via phone):  Objective: Obtain greater transparency and commoditization for transportation of natural gas from liquid points in the production area to markets. Government Affairs (1)  Standard Contract Deliverables: (2)  White Paper  Initial Plan: (1) Set up meeting next week to discuss particulars of a standard contract. Attendees to include Jim Steffes, Barbara Gray, Jean Ryall, Leslie Lawner, Julie Gomez, Pat Keene. (2) Identify industry advisor(s) who is(are) well-respected within the Texas gas network who would be willing/able to sponsor the white paper. (3) Review Texas statutes and RRC Codes.   <Sep> Subject :  Texas Intrastate Regulatory Action 
Email : We received the attached letter from SoCal Gas late this afternoon. They are requesting that Enron execute the Supplemental Margin Agreement by COB Tuesday, the 13th, or possibly face termination from their marketers' program. We will reassemble the folks who've been working on this on Monday.   <Sep> Subject :  SoCal Gas 
Email : The following reports have been waiting for your approval for more than 4 days. Please review. Owner: Luiz T Maurer Report Name: LM 100301 Days In Mgr. Queue: 7   <Sep> Subject :  Expense Reports Awaiting Your Approval 
Email : Jim, thanks for the call this morning. As promised, I've attached the executive summary for the C'RM business idea we discussed along with a list of questions I've been compiling to help me better understand the municipal government market space  I'll look forward to our Monday meeting. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Citizen Technologies 
Email : Meeting covered Market Power and Market Monitoring issues. First presenter was David Patton, from Potomac Economics. This firm has been jointly hired to provide technical support to SPP, MISO and Alliance. Many initial questions on what is market power, how can you define a well functioning market, etc. David envisions a market monitoring organization. If a problem emerges, it has to work with the RTO. IMM should not recommend power mitigation measures, but it should report any problems to FERC. It (has to go via FERC). General feeling is that Market Monitoring should be much more than market power, but to make sure that the market as a whole is functioning. It seems to me that the proposal is aligned with what Christi has advocated as part of the Southeast Mitigation. Multiple questions on how power market should be handled for must run, out of merit (constrained on and contrained off plants) and inflexible plants (e.g. hydro or take or pay gas contracts). Proposals to establish price caps were not accepted. Instead a proposal to deal with one or more generators with potential mkt power: they should   have caps on bid prices. David proposed some market rules to deal with specific circumstances. It was generally accepted that demand side response should be used to mitigate market power. Other questions on how demand side bidding shold be operationalized (Mike: are there  rules for DSB as part of the MISO Market Rules compendium?) Second Presenter - from WPPI. He raised serious concerns about potential market power in the region (Michigan Peninsula). Should utilities have approval to sell at market based rates? How should ATC be calculate to take into account counterflows? Issue is more pertinent until RTO enter into day 2 phase. Presenter's proposal, which faced a lot of resistance, was to assume that all Gs have market power, unless they prove otherwise (except must run agreements for reliability purposes). Roberto disagreed: this goes beyond MISO's authority. RTO has to work with IMM if market power is suspected. Dynegy requested David to further explore the situation of must run plants. David asked whether or not we had filed our position on MM for MISO. Mike: you may want to send him a copy, just as a courtesy. LM   <Sep> Subject :  MISO Meeting last week 
Email : Here are the meetings that I have scheduled for the balance of November at ERCOT/PUCT:  November 16  Protocol Revision Subcommittee. No voting seat, however, any attending can vote, limited to one vote per company. November 19 -- ERCOT Board Meeting. No Voting Seat, (until Jean wins one next month).   <Sep> Subject :  FYI PUCT/ERCOT Dates 
Email : Jim I am working on the questions for Ashley Brown. I should have a draft tomorrow, to be checked by Paul. In the meantime:  1) I am examining the currrent NGC system operator price control and incentive schemes under NETA. It is a radical change from the previous regulation. I would say it is a sophisticated piece of PBR. It includes penalties and incentives on internal and external costs (e.g. balancing) This document clearly states that the system would move away from central, merit order dispatch and would become much more self-dispatched. As a ramification, T rights would be defined on a pnysical basis. (far from our LMP, physical rights model). Your suspicion about NG proposal was right on targed  2) As part of the definition of Profit-RTO (which I think lends itself to multiple interpretations), I prepared this simple graph. In one of the questions we shoud ask Ashley where do they see themselves in the end-state. My feeling is that the Southeast Mediation Report advocated for stage II, NGC is stage III and the "textbook" RTO is stage IV.   <Sep> Subject :  National Grid 
Email : Gloria, Jim and Harry;  Thanks for pulling us all together on Monday. We look forward to working with your group on merging the State Licensing and Utility Agreements into a common area, in order to keep the organization informed and up to date. I wanted to re-cap just a bit. The Services Group has state licensing responsibility for Gas and Power for EESI and EEMC. We handle new licensing and renewals. We are on an "auto-reminder" distribution from EES legal, Heather Mathis for renewals/reporting. We physically house all documentation relating to licensing on our floor. We currently publish and distribute as needed State License status report which identifies where we are licensed and what our license # is. The Services Group works directly with Gloria for utility agreements, as we are one of many groups who she obtains sign-off from and/or information in order to execute agreements and State Licensing information is critical to her processes. Gloria and I met yesterday to discuss next steps. We are working together to provide the following. 1) Matrix of Executed Agreements which includes: State, License #, UDC, Agreement Type, Signatory, Date Issued, Expiration/Renewal, Security Requirements. (2 Weeks) 2) Backfill each groups need for documentation - provide copies of State Licenses and/or UDC agreements. (2 Weeks) 3) Identify the EES/ENE contacts sent to the State/UDC, update as needed, internally and externally. (2 - 3 Weeks) 4) Provide Summary information regarding State/UDC that can be placed on EES Market Central (2-3 Weeks?) 5) Ensure information is updated, published, organized and accessible to all interested parties. - Gloria has initiated creating binders that will be housed on the 47th floor - we will encompass State information with the executed UDC agreements. Gloria, please feel free to add anything I have overlooked. I've attached the contact list currently used when obtaining State Licenses. This should help identify other stakeholders who you may want to speak with. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  State Licensing/Utility Agreements 
Email : Jim  If you are able to provide this to Dan for the meeting I would appreciate it. He may not want to circulate it to the group. It is intended as a work product for attorney. This e-mail and the attachments were prepared at the request of counsel. <<NOTES FOR DISCUSSION.doc>>   <Sep> Subject :  Confidential for Dan Watkiss 
Email : Jim, Jose and Andy  Here is a comprehensive list of the forums at NERC in which I participate. I will be glad to provide any help in allocating these responsibilites to Jose, Andy or whomever. 1. Market Interface Committee (meets 7 times per year)  - appointed seat, is not transferable, will be resigned. Note - my term expires in June 2002 anyway  2. Interchange Subcommittee (meets every 2 months) - Chairman, is not transferable, however, there will be an open position for a marketer which can be filled by Enron, also participate on task groups under this subcommittee, Note - Dynegy has a member, Jason Cox  3. Congestion Management Subcommittee (meets every 2 months) - market rep, transferable, Note - Dynegy has a member, Vann Prater  4. Electronic Scheduling Task Force (meets monthly) - market rep, transferable, Note - Andy Rodriquez already participates as the TISWG Vice Chair  5. Flow Based Task Force - market rep, to be disbanded  6. EPSA-NAERO working group - dealing with the NERC vs EISB issues  There are other NERC groups that follow my position as IS Chair and MIC rep which will not need to be filled.   <Sep> Subject :  Charles Yeung NERC Responsibilities 
Email : I thought that last night's call went well. I hope that it was useful for you. One action item that seemed to be emerging is for your negotiators to request certain information from the other side-perhaps as early as today. I am sharpening up a memo that suggests key information to request and a priority scheme for the information. I would like to review the draft with colleagues here before sending it to you in a couple of hours. If you can tolerate the delay, you might suggest to the negotiators that they hold off until you receive my memo before deciding exactly what to request. I am trying to keep things simple, but adequate to make some useful calculations. I am mindful that we may only get one bite at the apple.   <Sep> Subject :  Information Request 
Email : Rebecca, How is this going? Topics to be covered in the Texas Intrastate White Paper:   1. Current state of the Texas Intrastate Market 2. Areas for improvement 3. Proposed future state of the Texas Intrastate Market 4. Strategy for implementation 5. Actions for implementation 6. Appendicies: a. Form of transport contract b. Gas flows in Texas c. Basis price history   <Sep> Subject :  Texas Intrastate White Paper 
Email : Attached for your initial review are Enron Corp. comments on the Marketing Affiliate NOPR (RM01-10). As you will see, this is an incomplete, bare bones version and we can enhance the arguments once it is clear we all agree with them. Leslie has struggled mightily with this in light of the constant changes that have been going on and we are sure more changes will be necessary. Comments must be filed at FERC by December 20. In order to allow adequate time for a couple of redrafts and the concomitant reviews along with the other things that are going on, please advise me or Leslie of any suggestions, concerns or comments you have by COB MONDAY, NOVEMBER 26th.   <Sep> Subject :  Draft Comments on Marketing Affiliate NOPR 
Email : Jim,  Have you had any chance to look at the information I sent to you regarding my attending classes to complete my degree? I am about halfway through my first class, and want to make sure Enron is onboard with me doing so. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Educational Assistance 
Email : On Friday, November 16th, the UDCs submitted their joint plan for implementing the suspension of direct access. Parties have until, Wednesday, November 28th, to comment. The following are proposed implementation rules for which the UDCs seek Commission approval:  1. A  DASR can only be processed if the customer name appears on the ESP List submitted to the UDCs on October 5, 2001. 2. In order to submit an ESP List the ESP must have a valid ESP/UDC Service Agreement as of September 20, 2001 and , for ESPs serving small customers, they must have in effect a valid Commission registration as of September 20, 2001. 3. For a DASR to be processed for a residential or small commercial customer account, the ESP must be able to demonstrate that the required third party verification took place prior to September 20, 2001. 4. Customers should not be allowed to switch from one ESP to another after September 20 unless the new ESP had a valid ESP- customer contract in place on or before Sept. 20th. 5. Seamless moves within a UDC's service territory will be allowed. 6. For customers on bundled service as of September 20, 2001 (but still under a DA contract), the UDCs are proposing not to allow such customers to process DASRs even if their names are on the October 5 list. 7. If all  accounts of one ESP transferred to another as a result of a merger, then the situation is okay because no new DASR would be required; requests for one customer to switch from one ESP to another only allowed if the new ESP-customer relationship had a contract prior to Sept. 20, 2001. 8. Changes in customer identity allowed on  case by case basis (e.g., if a customer changes its type of business it would not be allowed). 9. One  customer can not transfer or assign its direct access service rights to another. 10. Processing of DASRs submitted for customers who attempt to opt into a community aggregation program after the suspension date should not be allowed. In addition to the above, the UDCs proposed three additional options for implementing the suspension. 1. The Commission should impose a DASR cut-off date (received and accepted). 2. If the Commission does not impose a strict DASR cut off, it should require that any ESP which wishes to have a DASR processed after the cut off to submit their account specific DASR information and ESP contract to the Commission along with an explanation of why the customer is eligible to receive DA. The UDC will not process the DASR until it receives an okay from the Commission. 3. The ESP certifies through an affidavit that a particular DASR was associated with a contract in existence on September 20, 2001 (the UDCs set forth a proposed affidavit.) If you have any questions, please call  Jeanne   <Sep> Subject :  Implementation of the Suspension Direct Access -- UDCs' Plan 
Email : Comments on the draft generator interconnection products and studies are due to FERC by NOON on Friday, November 23rd. They are asking that comments be posted to the intranet site. A copy of the draft is attached. - gen_ic_products_services- Lucas changes.DOC   <Sep> Subject :  Comments on Draft Generator Interconnection Products and Studies 
Email : Attached are draft RTO comments. The comments reflect EPMI's views on RTO development, given the Commission's apparent recent changes in position on the number of RTOs to be created. We urge Right Sized RTOs without choosing a number. The comments reflect input from Christi, Dave Perrino, Steve Walton, Mike Roan, Andy and Charles. Please review the sections where you have had input to make sure we adequately reflected your points, but please also review the entire document and let us know your thoughts. I'm still filling in cites and Bernadette will be working on the formatting, but the document is hopefully in pretty good shape. There is no filing deadline for these comments, but we would like to submit them on Monday if possible. It shouldn't take more than an hour to review. In sending your comments, please "Reply to All" so everyone receives your comments. Thanks for everyone's help.   <Sep> Subject :  RTO Comments 
Email : Linda:  Jim asked me to send this to you so that you can follow and update the status of what FERC proceedings are pending, when things are due, etc. It needs to be updated constantly, but I will try and send you a note (or just an updated version) when things change. Let me know if you have any questions. Sarah   <Sep> Subject :  Timeline for FERC Proceedings 
Email : On November 14, 2001, SCE filed an advice to establish the ratemaking necessary to implement a number of regulatory components included in its October 2nd Settlement with the Commission  The settlement agreement described the operation a new account termed the PROACT that the Commission will establish by order. The advice letter provides the structure and operation of the PROACT, The beginning balance of the PROACT will consists of the unrecovered procurement related obligation as of September 1, 2001. Beginning on Sept. 1, on a monthly basis, the following amounts will be recorded in the PROACT: (1) SCE's Surplus (recorded revenues minus recoverable costs); (2) all refunds related to procurement related liabilities; (3) securitization proceeds, (4) interest expense. The advice letter provides a detailed explanation as to how SCE's surplus and recoverable costs will be calculated. In addition, the advice letter addresses settlement rates. SCE notes that, under the Settlement, the Commission agreed to maintain electric retail rates for retail customers at no less than the Settlement Rates during the Repayment Period. Settlement Rates are defined in the Settlement as " gross electric retail rates (including surcharges)". In its advice letter, SCE proposes to define gross electric retail rates to mean the system average rates. By defining it that way, the Commission can change the revenue allocation between rate groups, as well as effect some rate increases/decreases in certain rate components as long as such revisions do not result in a change in SCE's system average rates. SCE has asked for a September 1, 2001 effective date for the advice filing. Under standard procedures, protests on the filing would be due December 4th. SCE has asked for an accelerated schedule of November 28. To date, as far as I am aware, it has not been granted. Please let me know as soon as possible if Enron would like to weigh in on this advice filing. Jeanne   <Sep> Subject :  SCE Advice Letter to Implement Settlement with Commission 
Email : Before I took on the ERCOT responsibilities, I was working with other EPSA members in preparation for the upcoming DOE sponsored forum to develop a wholesale electric standards setting organanization. Since my move, it is likely that I will not be attending this workshop. I have been an instrumental part in pushing for the formation of the wholesale electric quadrant of EISB. Although I have not committed to making a presentation at this workshop, there was a possibility that I would be speaking on behalf of EPSA. The meeting is a critical juncture for the EISB vs NERC showdown. NERC will likely present its latest restructuring proposal which includes a 9 sector model. I and other EPSA members have been advocating much fewer sectors for EISB. A key point of the NERC proposal is that it may be able to accomodate an EISB approval process for standards. This is imporatant in that it may be able to resolve the dichotomy between NERC expertise/infrastructure and EISB's reknowned (including FERC) consensus building process. NERC could retain its standards development expertise, however, lose its biased voting process. I think it is important to have coverage for this meeting, either, by someone on the NERC team or someone close to NERC in Washington. The likely outcome of this meeting is a solidifying of industry support for either the NERC approach, or a clean slate EISB approach. Jim would like for us to have a conference call to discuss. I am available Monday, Wed, and Fri.   Charles X30348   <Sep> Subject :  DOE Meeting Dec 7th 
Email : Very quick and dirty--not even fully proofed. But wanted to get something out for folks to shoot at. Let me know your thoughts. Sure I've missed about a million things and mucked up about the same amount. Happy Thanksgiving.   <Sep> Subject :  DASR Suspension Rules 
Email : Talked to Pescetti yesterday. Prior to returning my call, he had received the information that Joe Kelliher had already been appointed to the open Republican spot, and therefore understands that there's no longer a Republican seat to run for. We had a good talk. I told him that reinstating DA was the most important energy issue facing California. Best,   <Sep> Subject :  Pescetti 
Email : The following reports have been waiting for your approval for more than 4 days. Please review. Owner: Luiz T Maurer Report Name: LM 111301 Days In Mgr. Queue: 8  Owner: Susan J Mara Report Name: SJM11152001 Days In Mgr. Queue: 5   <Sep> Subject :  Expense Reports Awaiting Your Approval 
Email : The following reports have been waiting for your approval for more than 4 days. Please review. Owner: Luiz T Maurer Report Name: LM 111301 Days In Mgr. Queue: 9  Owner: Susan J Mara Report Name: SJM11152001 Days In Mgr. Queue: 6   <Sep> Subject :  Expense Reports Awaiting Your Approval 
Email : The information transmitted by the following e-mail is intended only for the addressee and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any interception, review, retransmission, dissemination, or other use of, or taking of any action upon this information by persons or entities other than the intended recipient is prohibited by law and may subject them to criminal or civil liability. If you received this communication in error, please contact us immediately at (202) 785-9100, and delete the communication from any computer or network system. Although this email and any attachments are believed to be free of any virus or other defect that might negatively affect any computer system into which it is received and opened, it is the responsibility of the recipient to ensure that it is virus free and no responsibility is accepted by the sender for any loss or damage arising in any way in the event that such a virus or defect exist.   <Sep> Subject :  SMUD Response to ISO-DOE-1 PART 1 of 2 
Email : Yesterday, the European Commission adopted a climate change package, which includes a draft directive on emissions trading, an instrument of EU ratification of the Kyoto Protocol and policies and measures to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Please the attached press release outlining the package. Major provisions of the draft emissions trading directive include:   The emissions trading scheme has two phases -- first phase (2005 - 2007), second phase (2008 - 2012)   <Sep> Subject :  EU emissions trading directive and climate change plan released.... 
Email : The September 26, 2001 order had established December 10, 2001 as the date  for  "Simultaneous rebuttal testimony on November 6, 2001 evidentiary  presentations." On November 6, 2001 several parties had filed responsive  testimony on issues relating to other sources of cost recovery, including NOx  emissions and startup costs The November 23, 2001 order said these issues will be addressed at the  February hearing on issues 2 and 3. This combination left Staff uncertain as to when rebuttal testimony on  these issues is to be filed. We called Bryan Clark,  Judge  Birchman's  new law clerk, and asked when we are to file rebuttal  testimony. He checked with Judge Birchman, and said we are to file all  rebuttal testimony on these issues on February 6, 2002.   <Sep> Subject :  rebuttal testimony schedule clarification 
Email : Have we disclosed the $125 million SCE number in any other filing that you can recall that is public. At the FERC maybe? We are considering including it in our stip to be filed at the CPUC. Peggy, would this be a problem?   <Sep> Subject :  SCE Stip 
Email : Judge  Birchman's November 23rd Order sets January 8, 2002 as the hearing date for  202(c) issues. As we discussed during the November 20th phone conference, the  witness for the State Water Contractors, Richard Jones, is not available for  cross examination on January 8th. As we agreed during the phone conference, Mr.  Jones will be available during the December hearing dates for cross examination  on the 202(c) issues. Since he will be traveling in for the hearings we need to set a date within  the December hearings when the cross examination (if any) will take place. We suggest that he be available on December 21st, the last day of the  December hearings. If anyone prefers that he be available on a different date,  please advise us by the end of the this week (November 30th) so that travel  plans can be made. Sincerely,   <Sep> Subject :  Additional Schedule Clarification - 202(c) witness availability 
Email : Earlier this year, the Joint Legislative Audit Committee instructed the Legislative Analyst to prepare a fiscal and policy analysis of the California Power Authority. That report was released today during an informational hearing. I have forwarded a copy of the report to Jeff. I will forward a brief overview by facsimile to San Francisco, Houston and Portland. The highlights of the report are as follows:  The focus of the CPA has shifted dramatically since its inception. The CPA originally focused on purchasing peakers whereas it is now focused on DSM. There are several areas that may warrant additional legislative activity:  Provide legislative oversight  Establish a mechanism for using revenue bonds  Clarify the CPA's eminent domain authority  Clarify the power of the CPA to invest in transmission  Clarify the relationships between all California power agencies   In addition, I spoke to Energy Committee staff today about next year's possible activities. In their estimation, the Legislature may be forced to address some of the items in the LAO report regarding the CPA. In addition, they have to do something regarding the bonds because SBX2 18 was never sent to the Governor because of his threatened veto. They expect no bills authorizing grants or incentives due to the state's budget crunch. Senator Bowen is still interested in DA and green DA, but they see this as a second tier item. The future of DA will be dictated in part by how the CPUC addresses the undercollection.   <Sep> Subject :  Legislative Update 
Email : Jim and Bob, here is the billing info that you asked for. I am out west taking depositions in your California case for Ray. If you have any questions, please call my voice mail and I shall  get back with you as soon as I can. Thanks. - PNWBudget.doc   <Sep> Subject :  PNWrepresentation 
Email : Some of the questions we sent in our data requests about an hour and a  half ago were derived from protected material. Please do not give them to  anyone who has not signed the non-disclosure statement in this proceeding. My apologies for forgetting the note at the time I sent  them.   <Sep> Subject :  Staff discovery for State Water Contractors 
Email : With all the ongoing changes that have been taking place around here and the known fact that some of us will be going our separate ways, it is my hope that we can all keep in touch in the future. I would like to put something together for the group, so please provide me with your contact information, so I can prepare the "Let's Keep in Touch" contact list for Government Affairs. Below is the contact information that I would like to receive from each of you. Once I have put the list together, I will forward it to everyone. Name: Home Address: Home Phone#: Home E:mail address:  New Place of Employment (if available): Work Address: Work Phone Number: Work E:mail address:  Cell #:  Other Family Contact Information: Please provide current (or future if known) address and phone number. Thanks to all!!! !   <Sep> Subject :  "Let's Keep in Touch" Contact List 
Email : Attached are the following:   1. Staff's 2nd Set of Data Requests to LADWP   2. Staff's 2nd Set of Data Requests to the City of  Pasadena  - data request 2 to LADWP.wpd   - data request 2 to Pasadena.wpd   <Sep> Subject :  Staff's 2nd Set of Data Requests to LADWP and City of Pasadena 
Email : Sorry I have been hard to reach. We are in the midst of the CA Iso case depositions. Enclosed are the invoice numbers. Please call if you want to discuss further. - PNWBudget.doc   <Sep> Subject :  PNPINVOICE 
Email : This is good news, if true; but I must take exception to any characterization of FERC action on governance as "prompt." That point passed many, many months ago. State, FERC Pressure Builds To Make Cal-ISO Board More Independent  Political pressure to dismiss the current independent system operator (ISO) in California and replace the board with new members appears to be reaching a head. Industry insiders believe that an order from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) to mandate a new board is imminent and cite the actions by the ISO during the energy crisis and in the months that have followed as reason for FERC commissioners to act promptly. A bombshell was released last week by Rep. Doug Ose (R-CA) in a letter to FERC accusing the ISO and the California Department of Water Resources (DWR) of acting in tandem to such an extent that their dealings appear to be in collusion and prohibitive of actual independence. Attached to the Ose letter was a confidential memo from energy advisor Eric Woychik to then ISO Board Governor Mike Florio. Ose states in his letter to FERC that the memo "clearly illustrates the perils of a lack of independence" from an ISO. The memo states that "current DWR practices cause very large additional costs for purchases on behalf of UDC customers and this also compromises reliability." There are three scenarios outlined in the memo that detail violations and increased costs for customers as a result of the alleged interdependence between the two entities. At one point the memo's author acknowledges the gravity of the situation by stating, "If the press, Legislature, or FERC get wind of this, I think we are toast." Woychik tells Electric Power Alert that he was trying to impress upon the ISO that "if this gets loose [the ISO officers and board members] should be very embarrassed." FERC Chairman Pat Wood tells Electric Power Alert that the commission "currently has a motion before us to address" the independence of the ISO. A source monitoring the situation says, "We are hoping that FERC says the California ISO is not an independent board and comes out and says 'You shall appoint an independent board.'" Insiders note that in the past month FERC has issued two orders adjusting Cal-ISO behavior and is actively taking a role in rectifying energy oversight in that state. In their Nov. 20 commission meeting, FERC ordered the ISO to treat the DWR without preferential treatment and like any other market participant. FERC, says one informed California source, needs to "kill the current ISO board, dismiss the lot." "This is fantastic. It's the first appropriate action to take place," says a California energy consultant about FERC's recent order. According to the source, this indicates that FERC will take the next step and require actual independence from the board. Should FERC make that move, the insider says, they have a precedent to base the action on. "They did it with PJM early on. They rejected two of their proposed boards because they said they weren't independent enough." Florio, who is now with the consumer organization The Utility Reform Network (TURN), claims that the ISO is more independent than previous boards and has local oversight. "I think if you asked the average Californian whether an entity like the ISO should be appointed by the governor or 'independent' under criteria set by FERC, I think the vast majority would say governor appointment is preferable because there is some political accountability that way," he told Electric Power Alert. He goes on to state that, having served on the ISO board and the previous stakeholder board, he is in a position to "say unequivocally that the current board gives ISO management much more free rein than the old board ever did." According to the energy consultant, Californians "have an ace up our sleeves" to force independence on the ISO board if FERC does not act swiftly. California State Senator John Burton (D) pushed through legislation two months ago that, the source says, will ensure an independent board is in place in a few months. "An independent board will be chosen next year whose members will be subject to California state [Senate] confirmation," says this source. Sources point to the ISO's failure to follow up on the suggestions made in the memo that would have served to divide the ISO and DWR as examples of the co-dependence between the two. A source familiar with the ISO dealings says, the "ISO felt that it made more sense to try to correct the problems rather than spend its time quantifying the effects." A FERC insider confirms that there have been commission level "discussions about the Cal-ISO for some time," and that they have fielded a number of complaints against the ISO for alleged lack of independence. FERC is taking a long break and will not hold another commission meeting until Dec. 19. The sunshine notice that reveals the agenda items for discussion will not be released until Dec. 12, but insiders believe that the political pressures on FERC, the fact that they have recently been issuing orders to the ISO, and the Woods' acknowledgement that it is an item before FERC indicate that they are going to be discussing the item, if not acting on it, at the next meeting. Source: EnergyWashington.com   <Sep> Subject :  State, FERC Pressure Builds To Make Cal-ISO Board More Independent 
Email : As discussed on today's conference call, in an effort to satisfy the Presiding Judge's request to remove the protected status of materials, Mirant proposes the following action concerning exhibits it filed Nov. 6 pursuant to the protective order in the EL00-95 proceeding (namely, MIR-3 and MIR-4) : Mirant proposes to formally withdraw its submission of the protected versions of Exhibits MIR-3 and MIR-4, leaving the redacted versions of these exhibits as the only versions of MIR-3 and MIR-4 in the record. As noted on the conference call today, Mirant believes that the limited amount of material redacted from these exhibits (certain PPAs pursuant to which Mirant incurred emissions costs) is not relevant to the issues in this proceeding. If any party objects to or has concerns about Mirant undertaking such action, please let me know no later than November 28, 2001 at noon, EST. Thanks much,   <Sep> Subject :  Mirant Protected Materials 
Email : ELECTION 2001: THE CALM BEFORE THE STORM Reapportionment... A new governor... The 2002 election... What's in the fut= ure for Pennsylvania politics? Presentations by Senator Jeffrey Piccola, Senate Majority Whip; Representat= ive Michael Veon, House Minority Whip; Professor G. Terry Madonna, Millersv= ille University  Luncheon Program - December 3, 2001 - 11:30 a.m. Harrisburg Hilton and Towers Regular Admission - $25.00/PennFuture Members - $15.00 Event followed by an Open House with refreshments in our Harrisburg Office = from 4:30 - 7 p.m. R.S.V.P. by Nov. 28 or call 1-800-321-7775. You can also register online un= der "Events" at www.pennfuture.org or reply to this email.   <Sep> Subject :  PennFuture's E-Cubed - Governing a Northeast RTO 
Email : Rules governing suspension of DA and threats of retroactive suspension We have helped assemble a coalition of ESPs and business customers to get the most liberal rules possible (e.g., customers can renew DA contracts, customers can add facilities if contract permits, ESPs can assign contracts to other ESPs with consent of customer, ESP and customer can modify existing contract provisions.) The ESP coalition that we're a part of will file comments on Wednesday on how the suspension rules ought to work. Retroactively suspending DA remains on the table for debate and remains a threat. But support at the Commission for retroactivity has diminshed considerably and most think that the likelihood of retroactivity is low at this point. One Commissioner--Carl Wood--continues to express support for pushing the date back, however.   <Sep> Subject :  California Update--11.26.01 
Email : The following reports have been waiting for your approval for more than 4 days. Please review. Owner: Luiz T Maurer Report Name: LM 111301 Days In Mgr. Queue: 13  Owner: Susan J Mara Report Name: SJM11152001 Days In Mgr. Queue: 10   <Sep> Subject :  Expense Reports Awaiting Your Approval 
Email : Please be advised that Les Starck, Director of Federal Regulatory Affairs at Southern California Edison Company, has signed a Non-Disclosure Certificate in Docket No. EL00-95; also, Richard Saas of Steptoe & Johnson LLP, representing Southern California Edison Company, has signed a Non-Disclosure Certificate. Please contact me if you would like a copy of the Non-Disclosure Certificates.   <Sep> Subject :  EL00-95 Non-Disclosure Certificates of Southern California Edison               Company 
Email : Elizabeth:  Rick asked me to contact you regarding PAC checks. If we are still making contributions, I would like to request a check for my brother City Council member Carroll Robinson. He is running in the Democratic primary for the 25th Congressional District to replace Ken Bensten, who is running for the US Senate. Please advise. Marchris   <Sep> Subject :  Enron PAC 
Email : Jim:  I just wanted to write you a note of support in what I am sure are some very trying times. Ken and I remain fans of yours and fully appreciate everything you have done for CAEM. Let us know if we can be of any assistance to you. Jamie  Jamie Wimberly President CAEM   <Sep> Subject :  Note From Jamie Wimberly 
Email : Please note and inform your groups that Teresa Mihalik (5-7749) or myself (6-6363) should be the point people for any margin calls issued to EES. We will work with Legal and Regulatory Affairs to validate rights to such calls. Additionally, we will work with Trading to validate requirement calculations. Thank You   <Sep> Subject :  EES Margin Calls 
Email : Here is Staff's second set of data requests to Portland  General Electric Company in WordPerfect and Rich Text Formats. The requests came from protected documents so please do not  give them to anyone who has not signed the non-disclosure  statement. - datarequest 2 to Portland (rich).rtf   - datarequest 2 to Portland.wpd   <Sep> Subject :  Staff discovery to Portland General 
Email : The deposition of Dr. Charles J. Chicchetti will be taken at the offices of Steptoe & Johnson LLP on Wednesday, November 28, 2001, beginning at 9:30 a.m. Details  Proceeding:     San Diego Gas & Electric Co. v. Sellers of Energy and                     Ancillary Services, Docket Nos. EL00-95-045 et al. Deponent:       Dr. Charles J. Chicchetti   <Sep> Subject :  Deposition of Dr. Chicchetti -- Details 
Email : There will be a California Contract meeting on Wednesday, October 31 at 3 pm in ECN 878 (Janet Dietrich office). If you supervisor is unable to attend please advise. Thank you   <Sep> Subject :  California Contract Meeting 
Email : This email message revises our previous message in two ways: (1) it corrects the spelling of Dr. Cicchetti's name and (2) it provides a call-in number for the conference room in which the deposition will be held. We apologize for the misspelling of Dr. Cicchetti's name; unfortunately, we copied the misspelling from the transmittal letter that accompanied Dr. Cicchetti's testimony. The deposition of Dr. Charles J. Cicchetti will be taken at the offices of Steptoe & Johnson LLP on Wednesday, November 28, 2001, beginning at 9:30 a.m. Details  Proceeding:             San Diego Gas & Electric Co. v. Sellers of Energy and                         Ancillary Services, Docket Nos. EL00-95-045 et al. Deponent:               Dr. Charles J. Cicchetti   <Sep> Subject :  Deposition of Dr. Cicchetti -- Corrected Details 
Email : Attached please find the above-referenced documents. We are supplementing our initial responses by adding additional workpapers in response to data requests 8, 9, 10 and 12 and by responding to data requests 15 and 16 with respect to Dr. Carolyn A. Berry. <<Cover for supplemental response.doc>>  <<Supplemental Responses to Duke.doc>>  <<Calculator_MCP.zip>>  <<Testimony and Papers List.doc>> <<economic note1.doc>>  <<Infocast congestion speech.rtf>>   <Sep> Subject :  Supplemental Responses of California Parties to Duke Energy's Sec               ond Set of Data Requests 
Email : The following reports have been waiting for your approval for more than 4 days. Please review. Owner: Luiz T Maurer Report Name: LM 111301 Days In Mgr. Queue: 14  Owner: Susan J Mara Report Name: SJM11152001 Days In Mgr. Queue: 11   <Sep> Subject :  Expense Reports Awaiting Your Approval 
Email : Today FERC issued the following draft orders:  NYISO TEP and Bid Cap (ER01-3001):  Commission granted NYISO's request to extend the currently effective $1000/MWh Bid Caps on certain NYISO adminstered markets, and to extend its Temporary Extraordinary Procedures for Correcting Market Design Flaws and Addressing Transitional Abnormalities, until the Northeastern RTO is operational. The Commission ordered NYISO to narrow the scope of the TEP, and to file tariff sheets doing so within 30 days. NYISO proposed virtual bidding procedures (ER01-3009; ER01-3153):  Tariff changes to implement virtual bidding were approved. The changes would allow market participants to bid non-physical generation and load into the day-ahead market and settle the bids in the real-time market. Also accepted were NYISOs Market Mitigation Measures to address gaming or market power strategies that might emerge as a result of the virtual bidding. NYISO - Cost responsibility for new interconnections. (ER01-2967):  Tariff changes allocating cost responsibility for interconnection facilities. The provisions allocate to developers 100% of the cost of facilities necessary to physically interconnect the project. Additionally, developers are allocated the coswts for transmission system upgrades that would not have been made "but for" the interconnection, minus the cost of any facilities that the NYISO's regional plan dictates would have been necessary anyway for load growth and reliability purposes. ISO-NE - Interim Bid Caps (ER01-3086):  Commission approved extension of bid caps until the Northeastern RTO is operational. Calpine v. ISO-NE (EL01-124):  Commission granted complaint by Calpine and Mirant, finding that ISO-NE has amended Market Rule 5 to exclude external contracts from setting the energy clearing price, in violation of a Commission order. If you need further information, please let me know. Susan Lindberg x30596   <Sep> Subject :  Orders issued today in NYISO and ISO-NE proceedings 
Email : Today the Commission issued the following orders pertaining to transmission interconnection:  AEP -- Order granting rehearing on issue of interest on transmission credits for network upgrades (ER01-2163):  Commission reversed its July 26 decision in which it  refused to require AEP to pay interest on credits for system upgrades. The Commission noted that it will be initiating a generic rulemaking in the near future on interconnection procedures. However, in the interim, its policy is that "the addition of an interest payment in connection with system upgrades is appropriate."   <Sep> Subject :  Orders issued today on interconnection matters 
Email : Jim, Julie wants to hold a conference call on Tuesday, October 30th to discuss the possibility of designing and undertaking cost-benefit analyses to support FERC's RTO policies. She wants to have you on the call & would like to know when you would be available. Anytime after 1:00 p.m. EST would probably be best for her. If you could let me know ASAP I will be able to send out an email to those she thinks should be on the call. Thanks, Jim. Jackie Gallagher   <Sep> Subject :  Conference Call on Tuesday 
Email : Jim, Attached is the note to CAEM related to the "Disco of the future" paper. It includes comments of the team. I will be in a course Monday and Tuesday but I will connect at night. You can leave me a message at 703.549.6080 room 434. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Disco of the future 
Email : FERC has issued a Notice of Extension of Time to file comments on the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NOPR)  on Standards of Conduct for Transmission Providers. The due date for comments is now December 20, 2001. The Notice is attached. - RM01-10.00B.doc   <Sep> Subject :  Affiliate Code of Conduct NOPR Comments- Extension of Time 
Email : INTERNAL COMMUNICATION REGARDING DELAYS  IN RETAIL COMPETITION IN TEXAS October 29, 2001  The main purpose of this memo is to inform EPMI and EES commercial teams regarding the implementation status of retail competition Texas, particularly in non-ERCOT regions, which  include parts of the areas served by the following utilities:  ? Southwestern Electric Power Company (SWEPCO) and West Texas Utilities Company (WTU) - both in the SPP region ? Entergy Gulf States (EGSI) - in the Energy-SERC region  As most of you probably have heard, the Texas Utility Commission has been examining, in the last few weeks, the readiness to implement retail competition in those areas. The Public Utility Commission of Texas (Staff) has filed petitions seeking a determination of whether market institutions are ready for retail competition in above areas, to start January 01, 2002. There is a concern among the Commission and many other participants that non-ERCOT-Texas regions are not ready for competition. This concern has two major causes: - Lack of a vibrant, efficient wholesale market in those regions, where newly established REPs could have full access to others suppliers, on a non-discriminatory basis -       Lack of success in the retail pilot programs developed in 2001 - no alternative suppliers and no customer shifting at all; a recent hearing has confirmed most REPs absolute lack of interest in those regions - at least for the time being  SPP  Last Week, the Public Utility Commission decided to delay competition in SPP Texas. Or, more accurately, "to delay customer choice", in the Commission preferred language. Enron, who was requested to file a testimony, opposed to any delays, under the argument that SPP is not a "perfect market", but REPs could trade in this market as other marketers do. No final dates have been established yet. However, one estimates that the delay may vary from 12 to 18 months. The Commission has established some clear actions and milestones before retail competition is implemented: - Support SPP to begin wholesale market operations, which involves refinements and upgrades in a few of existing systems, such as settlement; -       Reform in SPP Tariffs and implementation of a market based congestion management; -       Continue the pilot, attract new competitors and open the market. As part of this effort, the Commission created a Southwest Power Pool Market Readiness Implementation Project (Docket # 24869) to develop the necessary steps to transition to full competition, identify milestones, monitor progress and report to the Commission on a regular basis. Enron will be supporting this effort. SERC  SERC regions bear resemblance with SPP, in terms of Commission's intent to delay competition. The most important difference is that the incumbent utility, EGSI, an Entergy subsidiary, has strongly supported timely implementation. The Commission fears that Entergy will benefit from its "monopolistic"  position in the region, in the absence of other REPs.  No final decisions have been made yet. Entergy Gulf States, in conjunction with the Commission Staff and other interested parties have gone through a settlement process, whereby retail competition will be delayed until September 15, 2002. The subject is still being examined by the Commission and no final decisions have been made. However, we expect the Commission to approve the Settlement Agreement, therefore delaying competition until September 15, 2002. ERCOT  All the discussion about delays in competition focuses on non-ERCOT Texas only. There are rumors and ongoing discussions about delaying competition in ERCOT-Texas, which is scheduled to take place on  January 01, 2002. For example, Nancy Hetrich from Enron, will be attending the Legislative Oversight Committee on Friday, November 02. She will be appearing in her capacity of Chair of RMS Sub-Committee. Contrary to non-ERCOT, there is a strong support from  most industry participants to have retail competition on time. Besides, the results from the pilots were successful and ERCOT is supposed to provide vibrant wholesale competition. Therefore, unlike SPP and Entergy, there should be no material reasons or fears to delay retail competition in ERCOT-Texas. We will keep you apprised as things evolve.   <Sep> Subject :  Retail Competition In Texas - Internal Communication 
Email : Jeff - Please review the following report and let me know if their are any recent developments that I should be aware of while preparing Jim's November report. Perhaps you can update me on the negative CTC claim. Thanks so much for your help, Bryan   <Sep> Subject :  Monthly Update 
Email : Sue - Would you please review the following report, and advise me of any updates on projects, or additional projects you may be working on. I am preparing a November report for Jim Steffes, and would like to have complete and accurate information about the projects you are involved in. Thank you very much for your help, Bryan   <Sep> Subject :  Monthly Update 
Email : Paul - Please review the following report, and let me know if there are any new development on the projects that you are currently working on. I am preparing Jim's November update report, so please let me know if there are any other new projects underway that should be included in this summary as well. Thank you very much for your help. Thank you, and if you have any questions, please call or send me a note, Bryan   <Sep> Subject :  Monthly Update 
Email : Leslie,  I have just completed reviewing the APS filing. This paper explains much of the observed behavior of APS during the DSTAR (WestConnect) proceedings over the last several months. The paper is so full of market "scare" tactics it seems appropriate to be reading it during the Halloween season. The token effort of procuring 270MWs starting 2003 and ramping up to 1670 MWs in 2008 is ridiculous. The statements that APS generation is somehow more secure and reliable than any generation not owned by APS, using the same grid, and that non-APS generators have little if any responsibility to the "Full-Requirements" customers are all beyond belief. The mis-characterization of the problems experienced in CA, OR and WA and the contemptuous citing of "experts" seems typical of the APS distain for deregulation. The entire filing is more like a guaranteed plan to recover the "Billion" dollars invested by APS, with convenient adjustment clauses every three years. As you noted earlier today, the Commissioner of the ACC may be more concerned over the APS stock price than truly encouraging open markets and retail access and what better why to help the stock price than to award APS a 14 year contract...look at what the Defense Department did for Lockheed!!! I spoke with Chris Lackey who met earlier this month with Pinnacle West's (APS subsidiary) head of Trading who told him that PinWest is very conservative (as stated in the filing), their primary function is to support APS and they saw no real opportunities to conduct business with Enron. However that could change if their petition is denied. Please let me know how you'd like to proceed. If this is approved by the ACC I assume it must then go to FERC, do we have an opportunity to intervene with the ACC and/or FERC in regards to this filing? If we do, I'll be happy to help you with composition of the documents. Kind Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Partial variance to AAC R14-2-1606(b) 
Email : David Doot left me a message that he had not heard back and he was expecting our proposal yesterday (which we had not told him). He also said that the bonding company was "rumbling" that it was not going to pay. I do not know what their obligation is to pay, but I would think that "rumbling" is not default, yet. Jim S. is going to call David Doot back this afternoon.   <Sep> Subject :  NE ISO call from Doot 
Email : Attached is our updated forecast. Note that for Monday the largest proposed distribution is for California Gas through the end of the month. That decision is currently being evaluated by the business with a final decision on Monday. A minimum of $250,000 for Ca. gas will be required. Please have the cash committee approve the entire balance of the month contingent on business sign-off. Thanks   <Sep> Subject :  Update 12/14/2001 
Email : Hello, I just wanted to say I hope your weekend  went well. Payton is growing like a weed. He is now tickalish. He also has learned how to scream, now that's about all he does. He has a  walker and he loves to sit in it and just talk away. He is such a happy  baby, everyone enjoys him and loves to see him, he's so pleasant.   <Sep> Subject :  Payton 
Email : Hello Everyone,   We had a few upsets this week, with some games missed by quite a few people. No one correctly picked Georgia defeating #7 Tennessee. Oklahoma/TX game was mixed, many people missed Ohio St. beating Northwestern and the only non-top 25 game was mixed, with many people taking Southern Miss, as Memphis won 22-17. In the pros, many people picked Atlanta over the Bears incorrectly, San Diego over Cleveland was missed by most people, Arizona upsetting the Eagles was not good for just about everyone, Seattle beating Jacksonville was not picked by most people and Tampa Bay defeating Green Bay was also missed by most. Through all that, Joe Step did only get 5 incorrect picks and has won this weeks pool already. I came close with 6 wrong, but we both have St. Louis tonight. We had 33 entries this week, the most we've ever had, even back to last season, good job!! Therefore Joe won $66. Below is each person with the number of games they missed this week. Andy  Joe Step  5 Andy Pace  6 Paul Broderick  7 Rick Broussard  7 Todd DeCook  7 Paul Thomas  7 Reagan Mathews 8 Kayne Coulter  8 Gautam Gupta  8 Russell Ballato  8 Larry Jester  8 Valerie Ramsower 9 Joe Quenet  9 Diana Allen  9 Robert Vargas  9 Larry Campbell  9 Bryce Schneider 9 Mauricio Trejo  9 Daniel Muschar  9 Mike Grubbs  9 Jason Kaniss  9 Michele Wilks  10 Jaime Gualy  10 Dave Ryan  10 Pat Hanse  10 Ryan Williams  10 George Phillips  10 Joe Brewer  10 Thomas Lowell  11 Daniel Jenkins  11 Carter Ellis  11 Rob Benson  11 Jeff Miller  11   <Sep> Subject :  results of this week's football pool 
Email : Hi Joe- Hope you enjoyed your time at home. I just wanted to follow-up with you and see if your parents had any suggestions for me. Let me know and thanks again for your help. Beth   <Sep> Subject :  your vacation 
Email : In compliance with the Commission's August 28 order relating to ICAP, ISO-NE filed market rule changes which it states are necessary for implementation of the new Installed Capability product. Specifically, ISE-NE proposes changes to Market Rules 4, 11 and 20. It has requested an effective date of Oct. 1. If you need further information, please let me know.   <Sep> Subject :  ISO New England (EL00-62) 
Email : Ben,  Who can know go in an change Vac time....Joe Stepenovitch should have been marked VACATION TIME FOR MAY 15th - 18th, (32 hours total) and he was not. I can not go that far back. Can we please have someone change this so his time will be correct? Thanks for your help,   <Sep> Subject :  Change Vac. Time 
Email : I just wanted you to know that we made it home safe  this weekend. Payton is doing very well. He is so smart and  happy. He sent you a package on Firday since he did not get to see you  Thursday night, he hopes you enjoy it.   <Sep> Subject :  Payton 
Email : Idaho Power Company, dba IdaCorp Energy, the utility (IPC) has assigned the majority of their trades to IDACORP Energy, LP. The trades that IPC retained are as follows:  44573.2 411583 414014 414013 416067 562415 562414  If you trade in the future with either of these CPs, please book them with the appropriate CP. Thanks for your help.   <Sep> Subject :  IDACORP Energy, LP 
Email : Joe,  Thank you for being an important part of my business during this past year. I am looking forward to continue our business relationship in 2002 and beyond. We did strengthened our staffing practice in 2001 and had our best year ever, despite difficult market conditions. Everyone on my team enthusiastically invites you to stay in touch with us during this new exciting upcoming year. I hope you get the same opportunity I will have to spend some extra time with family this Holiday Season. Thanks again. Please open the link below for our greeting to you.   <Sep> Subject :  Enjoy the Holidays of 2001 
Email : Welcome to eMail News Delivery, a service from Business Wire. Here is your Industrial Information Resources Inc. news release. If you have received this in error please send a message to: eMailDelivery@businesswire.com with the following command in the body of the message:  unsubscribe TX-INDUSTRIAL-INFO-RES If you have questions about this service, please contact your Business Wire Account Executive or service@businesswire.com   BW2002  DEC 27,2001       2:00 PACIFIC      05:00 EASTERN   ( BW)(TX-INDUSTRIAL-INFO-RES) French Chemical and Explosives Producer Creates Measure to Self-Regulate, in an Advisory by Industrialinfo.com      Business Editors      HOUSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Dec. 27, 2001--The following in an   <Sep> Subject :  French Chemical and Explosives Producer Creates Measure to  Self-Regulate, in an Advisory by Industrialinfo.com 
Email : On October 17, 2001 Rockland Electric Company and PJM filed with FERC a joi= nt application for the transfer of operational control from the NYISO to PJ= M of certain facilities located in Northern New Jersey. The facilities are=  the transmission assets in the Eastern Division of Rockland's service terr= itory. This includes approximately 400 MW of load in Bergen County, NJ and=  transmission facilities that are already directly interconnected with PJM = (note that other Rockland facilities located in NJ, namely those in norther= n Passaic County and Sussex County (Rockland's Central and Western Division= s respectively) will not be transferred to PJM and will remain under the op= erational control of the NYISO since these facilities are not directly inte= rconnected with PJM nor with Rockland's Eastern Division). The filing requ= ests approval of the transfer by November 30, 2001 which would allow PJM to=  take operational control on February 1, 2002 (the filing does not address = what, if any, changes to the operation date might be if FERC does not appro= ve this by Nov 30). Rockland Electric is a subsidiary of Orange & Rockland=  Utilities which is a subsidiary of Con Edison. The transfer adds approximately 400 MW of load and 56,000 customers (mostly=  residential and commercial) to PJM. There is no increase in supply, there= fore the total load of PJM is increased by 400 MW without any additional re= sources. The transmission assets include 138-kV (8.3 miles), 69-kV (35.9 m= iles) and 35-kV (12.4 miles) transmission lines and 11 substations (the fil= ing includes a detailed description of these assets). Let me know if you require any additional information.   <Sep> Subject :  Rockland Electric Transfer to PJM 
Email : This is a notice to inform you that the server where your Outlook mailbox resides is scheduled for an outage tonight. Your mailbox will be temporarily unavailable starting anytime after 11pm and may continue to be unavailable until 1 a.m., when all server maintenance work have been completed. Outlook Web Access (OWA) will also be unavailable during this time. Blackberry users:  Message delivery may be delayed for a few minutes. If you have any questions, please call the Resolution Center at x31411.   <Sep> Subject :  CORRECTION:  Outlook Outage - Friday, December 28, 2001 
Email : hey you! someone sent me this e-mail, and i thought of you. it's kind of long, but read it anyways ok-bye. maybe god wanted us to meet the wrong people before meeting the right one so that when we finally meet the right person, we will know how to be grateful for that gift. maybe when the door of happiness closes, another opens, but often times we look so long at the closed door that we don't see the one which has been opened for us. maybe the best kind of friend is the kind you can sit on a porch and swing with, never say a word, and then walk away feeling like it was the best conversation you've ever had. maybe it's true that we don't know what we have got until we lose it, but it is also true that  we don't know what we have been missing until it arrives. giving someone all your love is never an assurance that they will love you back. don't expect love in return; just wait for it to grow in their hearts; but if it does not, be content it grew in yours. it takes only a minute to get a crush on someone, an hour to like someone, and a day to love someone, but it takes a lifetime to forget someone. don't go for looks; they can deceive. don't go for wealth; even that fades away. go for someone who makes you smile because it takes only a smile to make a dark day seem bright. find the one that makes your heart smile. there are moments in life when you miss someone so much that you just want to pick them from your dreams and hug them for real. dream what you want to dream; go where you want to go; be what you want to be, because you only have one life and one chance to do all the things you want to do. may you have enough happiness to make you sweet, enough trials to make you strong, enough sorrow to keep you human, enough hope to make you happy. always put yourself in other's shoes. if you feel that it hurts you, it probably hurts the other person, too. the happiest of people don't necessarily have the best of everything; they just make the most of everything that comes along their way. happiness lies for those who cry, those who hurt, those who have searched, and those who have tried, for only that can appreciate the importance of people who have touched their lives. love begins with a smile, grows with a kiss and ends with a tear. the brightest future will always be based on a forgotten past, you can't go on well in life until you let go of your past failures and heartaches. when you were born, you were crying and everyone around you was smiling. live you life so that when you die, you are the one who is smiling and everyone around you is crying.   <Sep> Subject :  (no subject) 
Email : =09 =09    Dear Joe,  I'm Washington Bureau Chief Peter Cook filling in fo= r Jay Rickerts. In Washington, we'll continue to examine the major energy=  issues expected to arise during the New Year. We'll take a look at what C= ongress will do with comprehensive energy and electricity legislation. Our=  Washington bureau will also follow the FERC and its push for regional tran= smission organizations and wholesale competition. These are some of the i= ssues we'll look at as 2002 begins. On Wednesday, energy consultant and f= ormer Assistant Secretary of Energy during the Clinton Administration Rober= t Gee will join us in the Washington bureau. He'll give us his take on the=  U.S. relationship with OPEC and we'll get his assessment on the start of r= etail competition in Texas. Gee will join us during the noon ET newscast o= n Wednesday. The big switch is coming to Houston - On Wednesday we'll bri= ng you a report on deregulation starting in Texas on January 1. The Housto= n bureau will have details on how the power grid reacted to the switch, and=  get an update from retail electricity providers. Also from Houston, Jo= hn S. Herold, Inc. CEO Arthur Smith says upcoming earnings releases may hol= d some unwanted surprises. He'll join us from Houston on Wednesday to discu= ss his company's research report and what we can look forward to in 2002. = Catch these reports from the Houston bureau on Wednesday. Closing Pri= ces for Monday, Dec. 31, 2001    Crude: $19.84/bbl -$0.57   Unleaded: $0.57= 25/gallon -$0.0157   Heating Oil: $0.5507/gallon -$0.0158   Gas: $2.570/mmB= tu -$0.204   Scheduling Note: We're dark on New Year's Day. We'll see you = Wednesday at 9:00 a.m. ET. Thanks for making this a great first year at En= ergyNewsLive - Have a Happy New Year! Keep in mind things are subject t= o change at a moment's notice. Occasionally guests have to reschedule or ch= ange time slots. We'll continue to do our best to keep you updated on futu= re interviews and events. Be sure to watch our newscasts every business=  day - 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET, at the top of each hour. =09 =09=09=09=09  =09=09=09=09=09=09 =09 =09 =09Peter Cook, EnergyNewsLive.com Washington Bureau Chief  View today's=  Energy Wrap Video Windows Media Player: 56K  | 100K  | 300K  Real Player: = 56K  | 100K  | 300K  (Requires Windows Media Player or Real Player )   Expe= rience all that Williams Energy News Live has to offer! If you are receiv= ing this letter for the first time and wish to continue, subscribe now    T= o stop receiving this letter, unsubscribe now    If you are having trouble = receiving this e-mail, please let us know  or  call (800) WILLIAMS (800-945=   <Sep> Subject :  Williams Energy News Live -- today's video newscast 
Email : Hey everyone- I think we could all use a drink after this week. If you can, swing by the Front Porch tomorrow for happy hour-hope to see you there!! Beth   <Sep> Subject :  happy hour 
Email : Had a good time with your pops last night. I told him no one was better than you. Thanks for the email. H Heather Kroll   <Sep> Subject :  Dinner 
Email : Today FERC issued the following draft orders:  NYISO TEP and Bid Cap (ER01-3001):  Commission granted NYISO's request to extend the currently effective $1000/MWh Bid Caps on certain NYISO adminstered markets, and to extend its Temporary Extraordinary Procedures for Correcting Market Design Flaws and Addressing Transitional Abnormalities, until the Northeastern RTO is operational. The Commission ordered NYISO to narrow the scope of the TEP, and to file tariff sheets doing so within 30 days. NYISO proposed virtual bidding procedures (ER01-3009; ER01-3153):  Tariff changes to implement virtual bidding were approved. The changes would allow market participants to bid non-physical generation and load into the day-ahead market and settle the bids in the real-time market. Also accepted were NYISOs Market Mitigation Measures to address gaming or market power strategies that might emerge as a result of the virtual bidding. NYISO - Cost responsibility for new interconnections. (ER01-2967):  Tariff changes allocating cost responsibility for interconnection facilities. The provisions allocate to developers 100% of the cost of facilities necessary to physically interconnect the project. Additionally, developers are allocated the coswts for transmission system upgrades that would not have been made "but for" the interconnection, minus the cost of any facilities that the NYISO's regional plan dictates would have been necessary anyway for load growth and reliability purposes. ISO-NE - Interim Bid Caps (ER01-3086):  Commission approved extension of bid caps until the Northeastern RTO is operational. Calpine v. ISO-NE (EL01-124):  Commission granted complaint by Calpine and Mirant, finding that ISO-NE has amended Market Rule 5 to exclude external contracts from setting the energy clearing price, in violation of a Commission order. If you need further information, please let me know. Susan Lindberg x30596   <Sep> Subject :  Orders issued today in NYISO and ISO-NE proceedings 
Email : Joe, just wanted to give you and update on how  Payton is. He is growing like a weed, he is now 16lbs and 5 ozs. His  hair is getting thicker, I had to trim his hair over his ears because it was  getting long enough to tuck it behind his ears He is learning very fast, he can  move really well in his walker when he is on smooth flooring and he is praticing  everyday to sit up and crawl, it want be long. He still talks alot and  never cries, he is such a wonderful baby. He can turn around on his back  in a 360 turn and he can roll across the room, if nothing is in his  way. Wel, he is ready for me to get him out of his bed, I better  go!! He looks forward to visiting with you  soon!   <Sep> Subject :  Payton 
Email : Please be advised that starting October 29th we will no longer provide meals for the group. Due to security and limited space for the new building we will have to stop the snacks and water as well. The new building will have filtered water and soft drinks. Please be patient, and for the next two weeks the menu will be as follows:  Monday  10/15  Wall Street Deli Tuesday 10/16  Treebeards Wednesday 10/17  New York Pizzeria (Pizza) Thursday  10/18  Wall Street Deli Friday       10/19  ON YOUR OWN  Monday  10/22  Wall Street Deli Tuesday 10/23  Ninfa's Wednesday 10/24  New York Pizzeria (Pizza) Thursday 10/25  Wall Street Deli Friday  10/26  ON YOUR OWN   Please let me know if you have any questions. Thanks for your understanding in this matter.   <Sep> Subject :  Breakfast/Lunch/Snacks 
Email : Hello everyone,    More upsets in the college and pro games this week sent most people into double digit incorrect picks this week. Most people missed the Washington St/Stanford game won by Washington St; most people missed the Kansas St/Texas Tech game, won by Texas Tech; most people missed the South Carolina/Arkansas game won by Arkansas; and everyone missed the Florida/Auburn game won by Auburn. The Texas A&M/Colorado game was missed by a fair amount of people as well. In the pros, quite a few people picked Baltimore to beat Green Bay, but Green Bay won; also Kansas City was picked by some people to beat Pittsburgh, however, the Steelers won; San Diego was picked by many people to beat the Patriots, however, New England won again; the Miami/Jets and Denver/Seattle games were missed by most people and even the Oakland/Indy game was commonly missed as well. Through all that, I managed to get only 7 games wrong; Stanford, Kansas St, Florida, San Diego, Miami, Denver and Indianapolis. I am in the lead currently with 7 missed games with Dallas tonight, while 2 people missed 8 games with Washington tonight. The other 2 people still alive tonight are Steve Pan and Daniel Muschar. If Dallas wins tonight, I will win outright, if Washington wins, then it will come down to total points scored. I picked 31 total points, Steve picked 35 and Daniel 37. Therefore, I will win with 32 or fewer pts scored, Steve and I will split with Washington and 33 pts. and Steve will win with 34-35 points scored and tie with 36 pts. Daniel will win with Washington and 37 or more total points scored. I came in a close second place last week to Joe Step. My picks were given as always to Todd or Dave on Friday for verification. There were a record 34 people in the pool this week, therefore the prize is $68. This coming week and next week there is a pro game on Thursday night because of the baseball playoffs. Therefore, I will hand out the pools this week and next week on Tuesday and they will be due before I leave on THURSDAY afternoon. Finally, here are the results of this past weekend's picks with the number missed by each person after their name. Andy   Andy Pace  7 Daniel Muschar  8 Steve Pan  8 Jason Kaniss  8 Paul Broderick  8 Rick Broussard  8 Bryce Schneider 9 Joe Step  9 Pat Hanse  9 Larry Campbell  9 Todd DeCook  9 Joe Brewer  10 Joe Quenet  10 Valerie Ramsower 10 Ryan Williams  10 Russell Ballato  10 Michele Wilks  10 Reagan Mathews 10 Miguel Garcia  11 Rob Benson  11 Paul Thomas  11 Jaime Gualy  11 Dean Laurent  11 Dave Ryan  11 Larry Jester  11 J.D. Kinser  11 Rudy Acevedo  11 Kevin Cline  11 Mike Roan  11 Thomas Lowell  12 Carter Ellis  12 Gerald Gilbert  12 Don Baughman  12 Mike Grubbs  12   <Sep> Subject :  results of football pool 
Email : Hi Melba,   We need to have a couple of new physical products set up as soon as you can. They are:  1) Nicor/E. Dubuque = The interconnection between Nicor Gas Company and Northern Natural Gas Company located in Jo Daviess County, Illinois   2) PGLC/NGPL (Non-Pool) = The interconnection between The Peoples Gas Light & Coke Company and Natural Gas Pipeline Company of America (Pin No. 909285)  3) NBPL/Peoples/MANHTN = The interconnection between The Peoples Gas Light & Coke Company and Northern Border Pipeline Company located in Cook County, Illinois (Meter No. 81)    Please let me know when these products can be activated. Thanks   <Sep> Subject :  New Products 
Email : Louise and Geoff,  Please review the attached Statement Of Work of the new gas system project and provide me with your comments by next Friday, 10/12/01. I would like to request your signature after your review of the document. By the way, Beth Perlman, Steve Stock and Richard Burchfield have read the Statement Of Work. Thanks   <Sep> Subject :  Statement Of Work of the new gas system project 
Email : Geoff, Confirming per our telephone conversation today. We are done as follows (originator Steven Burnham): 1. November 1, 2001 through November 30, 2001      Your physical basis offer      At Dawn, Ontario - 55 GJ/d   Physical basis offer is +.20 US/MMBtu      At Parkway, Ontario - 80 GJ/d   Physical basis offer is +.30 US/MMBtu  2. December 1, 2001 through November 30, 2004      Your physical basis offer      At Dawn, Ontario - 61 GJ/d  Physical basis offer is +.20 US/MMBtu      At Parkway, Ontario - 103 GJ/d  Physical basis offer is +.30 US/MMBtu  Nicole, Would you please complete the booking with these numbers, including the in-outs with Lambie's term book. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Siemens deal - Parkway and Dawn basis offers (physical) 
Email : Jeff,   I spoke with Jay briefly about the potential of archiving all physical deals every night into a separate database instead of deleting them. We currently are capturing that information in our database, but the feed Jay has is more extensive and reliable. We'd then be able to build some historical queries and facilitate some of the requests we have for this data, I don't anticipate it would take much time to do this. You have any objections? Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  flexible deal view data archiving 
Email : Hello Geoff,  My name is Marko Ljuboja, and I am trading with Tom McCall on Southeast basis desk for EntergyKoch. In order to close my open positions with Enron, I would like to:  EntergyKoch to BUY:  Location: Houston Ship Channel (HSC) Period:  Jan-02 through Dec-05 Volume: 10,000 MMbtu's/day (one a day)   Please let me know what can we do. Geoff, thank you very much for your help   <Sep> Subject :  EntergyKoch open positions with ENRON 
Email : Hey Geoff,   In talking with J.Aron I found that they have the offsetting positon on Z01-H02 PEPL. I would like to sell enron 2/day Z01-H02 PEPL to Enron and J.Aron would like to buy 2/day Z01-H02 from Enron. Let me know how we can proceed to clean this offset up. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Offset 
Email : To begin the Inception phase of our CGS project, the Statement of Work is near completion. I am sending the final version to the project team (to include the business unit sponsors). In a couple of days our goal is to have a meeting to discuss any issues and sign off on the document. Please contact me with any questions. Thank you,   <Sep> Subject :  Consolidated Gas System_SOW 
Email : When: Tuesday, November 20, 2001 10:00 AM-10:30 AM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada). Where: TBD  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*  I have sent the SOW in a previous email. I am asking that we meet to go over the document and get physical signatures. Thank you,   <Sep> Subject :  Sign off on the Consolidated Gas System project 
Email : The National Energy Board has approved the TCPL 2001-2002 Settlement agreement in its entirety. The link to the Reasons for Decision (RH-1-2001)is attached below. Highlights - No change to current tolls pending final decision on Fair Return Hearing expected in late spring or summer, say June or July 2002 - AOS and FT Makeup Credits to IT Service to start effective Jan 1/02. - IT Floor floats monthly between 80-120% of FT depending on AECO MI and seasonal marginal fuel rate (at current prices expected to remain at 80%) - NEB expected to review Settlement Guidelines in near future (potentially opening door in future to FERC style negotiated tolls)  Dianne Ripley (403-974-6913) is responsible for implementing AOS and FT Makeup for Enron Canada. She and I can both answer questions about how it works.   <Sep> Subject :  NEB Approves TCPL Settlement 
Email : Geoff-  Do you still want to launch Secondary Firm Index products and Dawn vs. Niagara Phy Fwd Firm Spreads?? Let me know so our bridging team can continue working on them. Chris 3-7533   <Sep> Subject :  EOL products 
Email : Volume 2, Number 1 Nov. 27, 2001  Welcome to the first issue of the second year of the IU Alumni Association e-Newsletter, which is sent monthly to IU alumni for whom we have e-mail addresses. The e-Newsletter connects you to IU with information on alumni happenings, special deals, new features, and more. You can unsubscribe or resubscribe at any time by following the directions at the bottom of the newsletter. Contents   <Sep> Subject :  IUAA e-Newsletter #13 (526139) 
Email : We know you have questions about recent events impacting Enron and our plans for the future. Ongoing investigations and pending litigation have made it difficult, if not impossible, to share information in a timely manner. While we can't address certain issues, we can tell you about our initial plans to move Enron forward and emerge from bankruptcy, and we are eager to do that. We had planned to hold an all-employee meeting tomorrow, January 23, at the Hyatt Regency. However, we don't want to subject you to the media frenzy that would certainly surround such a meeting, so we've decided to postpone it. We are currently making arrangements to hold a series of employee meetings within the building to protect your privacy. We will provide the date and times to you as soon as the logistics for those meetings are finalized. Prior to the employee meetings, we will provide an overview of Enron's new organizational structure. You can expect that memo shortly.   <Sep> Subject :  Employee Meeting Postponed 
Email : Congratulations! This email is to confirm that your child/children will be enrolled in the inaugural class of Enron Kids' Center September 1, 2001! We are excited to welcome your family to our state-of-the-art program and facility! The operator of the Enron Kids' Center, Knowledge Beginnings, will send written notification to you of acceptance of enrollment on April 30, 2001. In order to hold your child/children's space in the Enron Kids' Center, you must send a non-refundable registration payment to Knowledge Beginnings. You will have 15 calendar days to pay the enrollment fee of either $75 per family if one child is enrolled or $125 per family if more than one child is enrolled. If payment of the enrollment fee has not been received by Knowledge Beginnings by the close of the business day on May 15, 2001, your space(s) will be forfeited. Forfeited spaces are treated as new openings and will be filled from the waiting list. After payment of your enrollment fee but prior to the opening of the Enron Kids' Center, should you decide not to enroll your child in the center for reasons other than relocation, termination of employment with Enron, or extenuating circumstances, the enrollment fee will also be forfeited. Please send your check to:  Knowledge Beginnings/Enron Kids' Center 4340 Redwood Highway Building B San Rafael, CA  94903  If you have any questions, please call the Knowledge Beginnings customer service center at 1-877-CHILDHOOD. We look forward to welcoming you to the Enron Kids' Center this fall!   <Sep> Subject :  Enron Acceptance of Enrollment 
Email : Hey Se?or Papa! I have a business trip to San Diego and I think they bought me the airline ticket via Houston. I will pass by Houston on June 9th. are you going to be in town?????????? I'd love to meet Cameron and Vickie!   <Sep> Subject :  June 9th 
Email : Russ is going to be out for PRC tomorrow. I am OOTO on Wednesday. Could we postpone the GTV II presentation to next week. Thanks   <Sep> Subject :  Reschedule GTV-II presentation 
Email : Now that I'm no longer involved in the current problems, I'm free to look at problems in the current aggregator/position manager. So, could you point me to a desk and set uf curves that're messed up in production? Mike Swaim Michael.Swaim@enron.com Disclaimer: Yeah, like I speak for Enron.   <Sep> Subject :  Messed Up curves 
Email : I know that the basis, index and fx quotes have to be refreshed like any other deal before we execute a transaction, but what about the transport demand charges? It seems like we should be done on those. True or false? Todd   <Sep> Subject :  quotes 
Email : Please find below the GTV weekly project status update and the attached file for the updated project time lines. GTV status meeting attendees:  Zhiyong Wei, Russ Severson, Jeremy Wong, Francis Lim, Chuck Ames, Geoff Storey, Karima Husain, Jay Krish, Mike Swaim, Nayan Dattani, George Grant, Dave Nommensen, Narasim Kasaru, Dat Truong. Accomplishments: ? Incorporating physical deal positions in TDS: o Changes for the view aggregation have been completed. o Expandable Total in Cash Position has been completed. ? Single point of deal entry for term deals: o Phase 1 of single point of deal entry for term deals is in user test. ? Gas Daily deals: o Revisions for changes to PortCalc application to create GDI calc in ERMS have been worked on, and are in user test. o Curve shift reports are under development and will be completed this week. ? Live feeds for Gas Daily/intra-month curves: o Released to production. ? Option Grid (phase 2): o Released to production. ? Gas Daily options (phase 2): o Changes to PortCalc application have been completed and in user test. o The Option Delta Change Forward Month report has been completed and in user test. ? Basis Options (phase 2): o Development of deal entry type for Basis Options has been completed in TAGG. o Development of loading correlation curves has been completed. Plans for the week ending 6/8/01: ? Continue IT development of Phase I items. o Changes to curve shift report for GDI Calc. o Change CPR PortCalc to value outer month positions. ? Continue IT development of Phase II issues. Issues / Open Items: None  Notes ? PortCalc changes for Gas Daily and CPR deals have been taking longer than originally estimated due to new items and complexities uncovered during development. ? The user acceptance test for Cash Position in TDS has been held up by the PortCalc changes. ? For phase 1 Single Point of Deal Entry for Term Deals, the user acceptance test uncovered some additional work needed. The team has been working closely with Geof, Chuck, Russ and George to provide the needed functionalities. ? The user has been testing the changes for Gas Daily Options (Phase 2) for the last few weeks. IT development was completed a few weeks ago. No new changes have been requested. Thanks   <Sep> Subject :  GTV weekly project status update 
Email : Geoff,   To confirm the deal we did today, you bought the physical x1h2 Dawn Parkway spread at $0.065 US/MMBtu from Lambie. We used NX1+0.20 for Dawn and NX1+0.265 for Parkway. To clarify, you bought Parkway at +0.265 and sold Dawn at +0.20. Calgary is entering the trade. Thanks. Steve Burnham   <Sep> Subject :  xh dawn parkway spread details 
Email : Attached is the Global Contracts report for all physical gas/financial assignments, terminations, and expirations for the month of October. Please let me know if you have any questions. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  October ATE report 
Email : The basic reason we are changing meters in Sitara is because when PGLC was originally set up, the meters were set up using the same name as what the pipeline called them, i.e. NGPL/909265. This is the NGPL meter number NOT the PGLC meter number. The PGLC Meter number is PGLC/NGPL. The only reason we are doing this is so we can have everything correctly reflected so we can upload noms into pegasys with the meter number PGLC specifically used. The 3 products that will be in place for November at PGLC are:  NBPL/Manhattan - this is where we are buying Northern Border Specific Gas to take to PGLC at the NBPL/Peoples/82 (Manhattan transfer point). We will then have a meter bounce ticket to take it from NBPL/PGLC/82 to PGLC/NBPL/NB01 and take it into our pool. NGPL/Peoples - this is where we are buying NGPL specific gas to take to PGLC at the NGPL/Peoples/909285 Meter. We will then have a meter bounce ticket to take it from NGPL/Peoples/909285 to PGLC/NGPL/NGPL and take it into our pool. CHI Peoples - this is where we are buying pool gas at PGLC at the TTP pool. - this is the product that has been out there but all deals will be mapped to the TTP point. THis is where the majority of customers give us our gas. The only time we will be using the meter PGLC/NGPL/NGPL, PGLC/NBPL/NB01, PGLC/ANR/ANR,  and other PGLC/pipeline specific meters is when gas is actually being delivered on a contract into the gate. For the most part all of our gas will be at meter PGLC/TTP/TTP. Thanks! !   <Sep> Subject :  New Meters  and products on PGLC 
Email : nov. 5  at 3:15 oct. 30  at 3:45  dentist appts. cameron doctor's appt. nov. 6 at 10 a.m.  can you put these on your calendar so you don't get scheduled for meetings. thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  dentist appts., doctor appt. 
Email : We are going to try to get to the point of uploading our nomination into pegasys this month so we are changing the meters to correctly reflect what Sitara has vs what PGLC has. The trade zone TTP is available now and I am going forward and moving November deals into the new trade zone. I am making a list of all the deals I am changing if anyone needs it. THESE ARE THE CORRECT METERS TO BE USED EFFECTIVE NOVEMBER 1, 2001  PGLC/TTP/TTP - All buys and sales that are not being nominated from a contract - ALL "CHICAGO PEOPLES" EOL DEALS ARE MAPPED TO THIS METER  PGLC/NGPL/NGPL - All buys that are to be nominated specifically from an NGPL Transport  Contract  PGLC/NBPL/NBPL01 - All buys that are to be nominated specifically from an NBPL Transport Contract  PGLC/ANR/ANR -All buys that are to be nominated specifically from an ANR Transport Contract   <Sep> Subject :  New Meters for PGLC 
Email : This warning is sent automatically to inform you that your mailbox is approaching the maximum size limit. Your mailbox size is currently 80335 KB. Mailbox size limits:   When your mailbox reaches 75000 KB you will receive this message.To check the size of your mailbox:     Right-click the mailbox (Outlook Today),    Select Properties and click the Folder Size button. This method can be used on individual folders as well. To make more space available, delete any items that are no longer needed such as Sent Items and Journal entries. You must empty the Deleted Items folder after deleting items or the space will not be freed. To turn Journaling off,   click Tools | Options | Journaling Options and de-select all items. See client Help for more information.   <Sep> Subject :  WARNING:  Your mailbox is approaching the size limit 
Email : Louise and Geoff,  Please find the attached file for the latest Statement Of Work for the Consolidated Gas System project. I have only revised the Estimated Costs section to match the final budget for the project next year. The preliminary work done this year will be charged to some existing projects. This is the Statement Of Work for the phase 1 (physical) of the project. The Statement Of Work of the phase 2 (financial) will be delivered in a few weeks. Please review the document. I would like to request your signature some time next week. Thanks   <Sep> Subject :  Statement Of Work for Consolidated Gas System (Physical) 
Email : Here is a list of the types of deals that always fail: GDD Dawns deals EOL#2054274 Physical dawn deals fail - EOL will only let one trader map their deals to one physical book(don't think you can fix this one) EOL#2047749 Mich basis swaps EOL #2054712  This should be a comprehensive list. Thanks. PL   <Sep> Subject :  EOL deals that fail 
Email : Mark,  Zhiyong and I met with Geoff this evening, to run over the budget numbers. Geoff was prepared to give the OK to the following items  CGS Physical   $ 2,065,308 Sitara/CPR/TDS Maint  $ 1,310,853 TAGG/ERMS Maint  $ 1,273,775 CGS Financial   $ 1,451,316 Gas Performance Upgrades $   800,000 TOTAL    $  6,901252  Of the the other items in that section, the IT Commerical Co-ordination piece needs to be handled by Tommy Yanowski, the Global Valuation Mtce piece shouldn't be there and has now been corrected in the underlying sheets, and the Gas Fundamentals piece needs to move to Chris Gaskill's pot. Zhiyong and I will meet with Chris Gaskill first thing in the morning to get sign off on the numbers for Gas Fundamentals. We don't anticipate a problem with this as Geoff Storey has already given him a heads-up on the costs. We have also cut around $700k off the Gas Fundamentals costs which didn't make it to the final printout today in the meeting. regards   <Sep> Subject :  ENA Gas Budget Sign Off 
Email : Hello to all:  I am raising money for Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation and I would like to reach a goal of $1000.00 and would greatly appreciate if anybody in our group would like to donate to this cause. It doesn't matter how much $1.00, $5, $10 or $20 the amount doesn't matter. The kids who have this disease would greatly appreciate any kind of help. I have attached a letter to help explain more about Juvenile Diabetes. This is the second year that I have joined Enron to help raise money and last year we were the biggest company who donated the most. Thank you and May God Bless You. I will be collecting money until Oct. 26. If you have any questions please feel free to contact me @ 713-345-4411. Thank you,   <Sep> Subject :  JDRF 
Email : In a conference call today with Alcoa on the Services business we are pursuing, the following issues with regard to credit were mentioned:   1. Alcoa has revoked a $10MM credit line they had open with Enron. 2. Alcoa was uncomfortable taking on more Enron exposure given the recent press. In addition to the power/gas exposure, there is metals exposure. 3. Future deals will need to be closely reviewed by Alcoa's credit group. By copy of this e-mail, I am requesting that Ed Sacks contact Mike Fry of Alcoa's credit group in Atlanta. Please advise if you need his phone number. Also, we want to move ahead with getting the EEI in place as Alcoa's represents one of our strongest prospects for the new Services business. We will need to get Alcoa comfortable with our credit issues. In addition, we are talking to Alcoa on various other pieces of business at their various smelters in PJM and TVA as well as rainfall hedges for their hydro operations. Oscar Dalton   <Sep> Subject :  Alcoa 
Email : On October 19, Consumers Energy filed tariff sheets and workpapers changes rates and rate calculation methodologies for firm and non-firm transmission service. Consumers states that the filing is in compliance with a letter order issued by the Commission October 5. The filed sheets are to have retroactive effective dates (1992; 1993). Interventions/protests are due Nov. 16. Please contact me if you need further information.   <Sep> Subject :  Consumers Energy -- tariff filing 
Email : No Cold Weather In Sight  Tropical Storm / Hurricane Chances Increase for the Eastern Gulf / Florida    Sorry this is late today - my home system has been down much of the day due to road runner issues. Today's and yesterday's models showed fairly unanimously that a progressive weather pattern is in store for the first 10 days of November. As discussed on Friday - this will keep any long lasting  or substantial cold air from penetrating into the nation. It looks wet in the Pacific Northwest and overall mild for the eastern Interconnect. This week the cold air will be leaving and a strong warming trend will occur for the mid and latter parts of the week. The mornings will continue to be rather cold in New England through the middle of the week. A tropical disturbance in the Carribean will have to be watched closely. As usual, there are a variety of possibilities with this varying from nothing at all to the formation of a tropical storm or hurricane. If anything did develop - it is still unlikely to affect production as it probably would drift north toward the eastern Gulf of Mexico or into Florida. This is all speculation at this point as there is only thunderstorms down there now. We should have a couple of days to determine the threat, if any, to production. In the far long term beyond the 10th of November, yes there are some weak signs of a pattern change but so far, I have seen no evidence that suggests any cold weather pattern will lock in anytime soon. Earth Sat's 6 to 10 day for tomorrow will probably look similar to the 11 to 15 day that Earth Sat had from Friday. A little below normal in the Northeast / Lakes while mostly normal or even normal to above elsewhere. Earth Sat has had an overall cold bias lately. It is pretty likely that the market will not see a major "locking in" of a cold pattern tomorrow either. Bottom line, pretty normal progression of weather heading into November. Plenty of cold air up there in northern Canada, more than usual, but see no reason right now to get excited for cold weather in the short term.   <Sep> Subject :  Sunday Weather Update 
Email : The following reports have been waiting for your approval for more than 4 days. Please review. Owner: Matthew M Lorenz Report Name: Minnesota Power Outing Days In Mgr. Queue: 4  Owner: Russell W Ballato Report Name: Group Mtg. Days In Mgr. Queue: 4  Owner: Joseph Errigo Report Name: Group Mtg. Days In Mgr. Queue: 4  Owner: Don C Baughman Jr Report Name: Hourly Monthly Mtg. Days In Mgr. Queue: 4   <Sep> Subject :  Expense Reports Awaiting Your Approval 
Email : Starting tomorrow, 11/28/01 we will be included with the Gas Breakfast and Lunches. However, there will be a cost of $5.00 each or $10.00 total when breakfast is provided. They will have lunch everyday and breakfast only three days of the month, which will be during bid week. I will come around every morning and collect your money...I will then have to provide a list to the Gas people who will be checking your name off as you enter the breakfast/lunch line. Please let me know if you have any questions. REMEMBER...ONLY THOSE WHO GIVE THE $5.00 WILL BE EATING. Thanks for your cooperation,   <Sep> Subject :  Breakfast & Lunch - $5.00 ea 
Email : Just a heads up, we'll be ready to sit down with you to discuss the load following deal tomorrow afternoon. We will come down after the market closes. Greg   <Sep> Subject :  Southwestern Co-op 
Email : On October 15, 2001, the Midwest ISO filed an amendment to  Section 17.5 of its Open Access Transmission Tariff to charge  a fee for non-confirmed transmission service requests for  transmission service greater than one week. Midwest ISO  has requested an effective date December 15, 2001. Interventions and protests are due November 5. Let me know if you need further information.   <Sep> Subject :  MISO proposed tariff change 
Email : LLoyd Will and Kim Melodick have requested your help in identifying what YOU feel it takes to be successful within each functional unit of East Power. This feedback will be used to create a recruiting, retention and development tool that will assist East Power in identifying the skills and training that are key to your group's success. Please take some time to answer the attached four questions as they relate to your area. Your participation and cooperation is greatly appreciated. Sarah Zarkowsky x53791 Ben Brasseaux x58747 Meliza Evanson x57855  Enron North America Human Resources   <Sep> Subject :  What does it take? 
Email : Gas and coal article interesting...   Indigestion  Daniel Fisher, Forbes Magazine, 10.29.01   All those new natural gas-fired electric plants mean more gas demand, right? Maybe not. For natural gas bulls, there was never a surer sign of good times to come than the order book at General Electric Corp. Backlogs in GE's Power Systems group almost tripled to $25 billion in the late 1990s as scores of utilities and freestanding power producers ordered natural gas turbines to supply the nation's growing appetite for electricity. Gas demand had to go up as all those shiny new turbines were connected to the grid. Ah, but there was a flaw in that argument--one that is becoming glaringly clear as the price of gas plunges below $2 per million Btu at the wellhead from as high as $10 last year. (A million Btu of gas equals just about 1,000 cubic feet.) Those new gas plants were supposed to steal business from pollution-spewing coal units, which still supply half the nation's electricity. But in a painstaking study of 788 power plants that supply the bulk of U.S. electricity, Charles Studness, president of Studness Research, found quite the opposite could happen.   <Sep> Subject :  Forbes Article-Gas Fired Power Plants 10-29-01 
Email : Terri, spoke with Fletch on the SWECI pricing and our indicative offers are as follows:  For full requirements energy, delivered to IP/Ameren systems, including Schedules 3-6 of the OATT, we are at $38.50/mwh. Please note that losses were applied to our delivery obligations assuming that they are a pass-through function, along with all other delivery costs to SWECI's borders. The pricing breaks out to: $28.50 energy $4.00 risk premium $2.50 ComEd wheel $1.00 Ancillaries (schedules 3, 5 & 6) $2.50 Imbalance Energy (schedule 4)   For full requirements energy, delivered to IP/Ameren systems, we are at $34.50/mwh. All other costs related to delivery of energy to SWECI's borders are assumed to be a pass-through. The pricing breaks out to: $28.50 energy $2.00 risk premium $2.50 ComEd wheel $1.50 Imbalance Energy (schedule 4)   I'm out for the rest of the day at an appointment but can be contacted by cell phone to answer any questions. 713-857-5952. Please provide Greg, Fletch and myself with a copy of the indicative term sheet that is submitted ot SWECI today. Thanks  - Jim   <Sep> Subject :  SWECI Pricing 
Email : Donna,   I am enclosing for your review our response to Southwestern Electric Cooperative, Inc.'s request for proposal dated October 5, 2001. We appreciate having the opportunity to respond and hope you will find the attached proposal of interest. We have submitted an offer for Energy with Imbalance Energy and an offer for Full Requirements Service for the June 1, 2004 to May 31, 2009 period. Additionally, we are prepared to discuss alternative structures with you if so desired. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact me at (713) 853-7724. Sincerely,   <Sep> Subject :  RFP Response 
Email : All,  We have 16 internal and 8 external candidates been interviewed for the ENA Trading Track November 1st. Please advise if you would like to make any final recommendations on internal candidates to be interviewed. Internal Candidates:  Benke Terrell Burt, Bart Freeman, Scott Giron, Gustavo Hamlin Mason Huang Jason Hull Bryan Jennaro Jason Lenart Kirk Lieskovsky Jozef Ordway Chris Pan Steve Royed Jeff Saavas Leonidas Schlesenger Laura Sell, Max  Total: 16    External Candidates: Fred Baloutch Randy Hebert Ferando Leija  Agustin leon Zoya Raynes Carl Zavattieri Eric Moncada Gabe Weinart   Total: 8  NB: Awaiting feedback from 3 traders on 6 remaining external candidates.   <Sep> Subject :  Trading Track (ENA) 
Email : Indian Point 2 is expected to go into a midcycle outage starting this Friday (10/26/01). We anticipate they will be down for about two weeks. We will keep you updated as they are getting a lot of heat from the NRC and have a lot of pressure of the former Con Edison employees to perform, that are now working for Entergy.   <Sep> Subject :  Indian Point 2 
Email : When: Monday, December 03, 2001 3:30 PM-5:30 PM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada). Where: TBD  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*    PIRA will be presenting there 6 month outlook . An e-mail with the agenda will follow in the next week or so. If there are any topics you would like them to cover, please let me know. Thank You   <Sep> Subject :  Pira Bi-Annual Meeting 
Email : Frank,  This guy called me because he read the book I wrote about Natural Gas. He  has some kind of special treatment with the federal government in terms of  gas purchases. Sounds like a minority owned business to me. Could you call  him or refer him to someone at EES? Thanks,  Fletch Sturm   <Sep> Subject :  new contact 
Email : Attached is the form I'd like everyone to use for tomorrow's reports. We  will probably modify this and the ones to follow, so be prepared! Fletch   <Sep> Subject :  Utility Term Sheet Form 1 
Email : TJ, Please put on my calendar for every Tues., thanks. Also, please notify my  team that we will have a meeting with the marketing group every Mon at 3:30pm  that Ed Baughman should be setting up with you. That should be a weekly  thing too. Fletch   <Sep> Subject :  TRADER'S ROUNDTABLE MEETING 
Email : Eric,  The name I have at El Paso is Tim Bourne 713-420-3826. Todd Geiger is my  contact over there. He's a Vice President and told me that Tim runs the  trading group and would not be in the office until Mon. next week. Fletch   <Sep> Subject :  Contact at El Paso 
Email : John,  The new products have been built and are in the process of being mapped to  Sitara and Tagg. I'm working with Melba Lozano (EOL contact) and she tells  me they should be ready tomorrow. Mark Taylor and I haven't spoken yet about simplifying the language in the  product long description, so I'll try to get with him tomorrow. For now,  we're staying with the existing language which isn't really that bad. Any of these products which are intra-month will stay in the swap filter as  US GAS DAILY products, but longer than intra-month will be in the basis  filter as US GAS BASIS products with the format:    US GAS BASIS      GD/D SoCal - HHub  The only product that will be different is the Nymex to daily swap which will  be:    US GAS BASIS      NXL1 - GD/D HHub  Any questions or comments,  Fletch x3-6219   <Sep> Subject :  New product update 
Email : Rain,  I'd like to coordinate this with the other fellas (Hunter, Scott, etc.) =20 Let's see if we can all go to the same one! Fletch   <Sep> Subject :  United Way Executive Breakfasts 
Email : Sheri,  Robyn Menear is my new assistant on the FT-Central book. I'd like to have  her set up to use EOL stack manager, product manager, and transact on the  website. I believe she already has a login ID for the website, but I don't  know about the others. In addition, her trades (stack manager customer  trades, and her own website trades) need to go into my book (FT-Central). If  you need me to do anything else in order for this to happen, let me know. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Robyn Menear setup 
Email : Greg,  Check out a company called Opus 360 for recruiting IT people  (www.opus360.com). It might be a good investment for the equity group too  (OPUS). Fletch   <Sep> Subject :  IT Professionals 
Email : Jeff,  Below is a list of items I'd like to discuss with you when we both have  time(?). I just wanted to brief you first. I'm thinking about having a meeting with the basis traders every morning from  8:15 - 8:30 after each trader has gathered information from their desk  meetings. This would be the optimal time to strategize as a group since  changes in regional fundamentals and respective basis implications would be  fresh in everyone's mind. Would it be okay to delay EOL market-making in  basis until 8:30? I think it would be worth it. I think it would be a good idea to meet with leaders from other groups  (origination (who? ), structuring (who? ), Julie Gomez, and Fred Lagrasta) on a  regular basis to obtain new information on anything that might affect ENA's  basis positions. Could you point me in the right direction as far as whom to  involve and maybe notify them of my intentions? Should we set up a new book (under my management) which would hold certain  strategic positions such as spread trades and/or more complex structured  positions? I think it would be easier to manage that way by not being  "cluttered up" in different books (i.e. the P/L from these trades would be  my focus instead of managed by other traders.) Do you think the traders could eventually report directly to me? It seems  like more intense leadership might provide an extra push to the group. Talk to you soon,  Fletch   <Sep> Subject :  Administative Items 
Email : Louise,  I mentioned an idea to Jeff Shankman the other day about providing some  charting and other types of tools to EOL users and he asked me to get with  you. He said you were already working on some additions to the website. I  would really like to participate in the development of these tools, so please  let me know when I can get with you and discuss my ideas. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Improvements to EOL 
Email : Attached are the Q&A's published by corporate. These Q&A's are targeted primarily to terminated employees. More Q&A's concerning our current employees are in process and will be distributed as soon as possible. We will try to address your questions at the floor meeting scheduled for 1:00 PM. The call-in number for the meeting is 1-800-820-4690, code:  7012645#  Julie Kearney   <Sep> Subject :  Q&A's 
Email : AURORA has recently released Version 6.0. I have attached a PDF that explains AURORA's new feature. I have also included below a copy of our latest press release. For any additional questions that you may have please contact me. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  AURORA Version 6.0 
Email : Per John Malowney, Smurfitstone will not be charged $2.50 per mw totaling $14880.00 for December  for non-consumed energy. Please contact John or myself if you have any questions. Thank you   <Sep> Subject :  Smurfitstone 
Email : As stated in our November 23 issue of The Prometheus File, Reed Wasden Research will be sending our daily publication and morning notes for a 45-day trial period. Included is our daily update and notes on companies that RWR follows. For those who do not wish to receive the daily updates, please reply with WEEKLY ONLY as the subject. Best regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Reed Wasden Research - Daily Update 12/03/01 
Email : This warning is sent automatically to inform you that your mailbox is approaching the maximum size limit. Your mailbox size is currently 123645 KB. Mailbox size limits:   When your mailbox reaches 115000 KB you will receive this message.To check the size of your mailbox:     Right-click the mailbox (Outlook Today),    Select Properties and click the Folder Size button. This method can be used on individual folders as well. To make more space available, delete any items that are no longer needed such as Sent Items and Journal entries. You must empty the Deleted Items folder after deleting items or the space will not be freed. To turn Journaling off,   click Tools | Options | Journaling Options and de-select all items. See client Help for more information.   <Sep> Subject :  WARNING:  Your mailbox is approaching the size limit 
Email : This warning is sent automatically to inform you that your mailbox is approaching the maximum size limit. Your mailbox size is currently 122261 KB. Mailbox size limits:   When your mailbox reaches 115000 KB you will receive this message.To check the size of your mailbox:     Right-click the mailbox (Outlook Today),    Select Properties and click the Folder Size button. This method can be used on individual folders as well. To make more space available, delete any items that are no longer needed such as Sent Items and Journal entries. You must empty the Deleted Items folder after deleting items or the space will not be freed. To turn Journaling off,   click Tools | Options | Journaling Options and de-select all items. See client Help for more information.   <Sep> Subject :  WARNING:  Your mailbox is approaching the size limit 
Email : Mike,  Hope everything is going as well as could be expected. First, I wanted to ask you for a favor in that we are basically short to you 175 mw of cal 02 cob light and and 100 mw of 03 cob light. Cob is such a thin market and I was hoping you might be able to help us out on counterparties who might have offsetting positions I could bookout with. Second, we are going to be looking to expand at the beginnning of 02, our credit is good with just about everyone now, and we will be looking to hire one or two experienced people to trade the west, especially one long term guy. We're obviously not as big as some shops but we have a very aggressive bonus payout. Anyway, something to keep in mind once things get more settled up there for you guys. Thanks to you and Bob for the help yesterday booking some of this stuff out.   <Sep> Subject :  couple things 
Email : On Wednesday, October 31, I sent an email to all Enron employees worldwide in order to ensure that Enron employees retained documents that might be relevant to ongoing litigation. New lawsuits have been filed that enlarge the scope of the information that Enron will need to retain. The following list includes both the topics in the earlier email and the topics related to the new lawsuits.   <Sep> Subject :  Important Announcement Regarding Document Preservation. 
Email : This warning is sent automatically to inform you that your mailbox is approaching the maximum size limit. Your mailbox size is currently 123538 KB. Mailbox size limits:   When your mailbox reaches 115000 KB you will receive this message.To check the size of your mailbox:     Right-click the mailbox (Outlook Today),    Select Properties and click the Folder Size button. This method can be used on individual folders as well. To make more space available, delete any items that are no longer needed such as Sent Items and Journal entries. You must empty the Deleted Items folder after deleting items or the space will not be freed. To turn Journaling off,   click Tools | Options | Journaling Options and de-select all items. See client Help for more information.   <Sep> Subject :  WARNING:  Your mailbox is approaching the size limit 
Email : LAST CHANCE for Open Enrollment! If you would like to make changes to your 2002 Health Benefit selections, you have until this Friday, 11/30/01 at 3:00 PM Pacific (5:00 PM Central). The systems are open for one week only to make changes, additions, and deletions. You can access the web site address at enron.benefitsnow.com   or  by calling 1-800-332-7979. Please let me know if you have any other questions. Julie Kearney 503) 464-7404   <Sep> Subject :  Benefits Open Enrollment 
Email : Records indicate that there are a significant number of employees who have yet to have a drug test. Here are the details of the locations in Houston, Portland and other locations. Please attend one as soon as possible to avoid delays in your your onboarding and payroll processing. HR   <Sep> Subject :  Urgent - Drugs Test Reminder 
Email : The Benefits Open Enrollment deadline is TODAY at 3:00 PM Pacific (5:00 PM Central). If you are planning to change any of your benefit plans, you must make these changes before the system closes today! If you have any questions, please contact me or Grace (x8321). Thanks!   <Sep> Subject :  Open Enrollment DEADLINE TODAY 
Email : Dynegy-Enron Deal Faces Significant Reg Review By Bryan Lee    11/08/2001  Dow Jones Energy Service  (Copyright (c) 2001, Dow Jones & Company, Inc.)    OF DOW JONES NEWSWIRES       WASHINGTON -(Dow Jones)- Any merger deal that may emerge between Dynegy Inc. (DYN) and Enron Corp. (ENE) will face a complicated and time-consuming regulatory-review process, legal experts said Thursday. Any equity deal would require approvals from numerous U.S. federal regulatory agencies and state utility regulators, as well as survive Canadian and European antitrust reviews, energy attorneys contacted by Dow Jones Newswires said. A merger would require approvals from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, Securities and Exchange Commission, Department of Justice and Federal Trade Commission. And the Illinois Commerce Commission likely would weigh into the mix, since Dynegy owns Illinova's Illinois Power Co.    Any effort to strike a deal quickly also could be complicated by Enron's ownership of Portland General Electric Co. While Enron has entered into an agreement to sell the utility to Northwest Natural Gas Co. (NWN), a previous attempt to sell the company fell through because of regulatory complications. A key issue for federal regulators scrutinizing a potential Enron-Dynegy merger will be the degree of electricity market concentration such a transaction would entail, the attorneys said. Financially wounded Enron is the nation's largest electricity and natural gas trader with an extensive network of gas pipelines. Dynegy is ranked sixth nationally in both electricity and natural gas marketing. The transaction would receive the greatest scrutiny at FERC, where the merger application would challenge the commission's merger-review policy, attorneys said. Racing Against The Liquidity Clock      "Enron is a complicated beast," and an acquisition by Dynegy likely would "stretch FERC's limits of market-power review," one legal expert said. The primary question the commission will consider is whether combining the companies will increase market concentration in wholesale power markets to an unacceptable level. Also, FERC is in the process of changing the basis upon which it authorizes electricity sales at market-based rates, which could pose complications for a combined Enron-Dynegy down the road. According to Platts Power Markets Week, Enron's market share in competitive power markets is nearly 15%, while Dynegy's is pushing 5%. That makes the combined market share perilously close to the 20% threshold of concern under antitrust review. But FERC will undertake a more complicated analysis than that, looking at both vertical and horizontal market power, attorneys said. On a horizontal basis, there likely won't be much concern at FERC. Enron owns few hard generating assets compared to Dynegy, although FERC will scrutinize generation assets that Enron doesn't own but controls the output of on a contractual basis. It is in the vertical market power analysis where FERC's merger review gets truly complicated. The commission will assess to what degree the combination of Enron's pipelines - including one that controls 23% of natural gas imported from Canada - and Dynegy's portfolio of electric generation assets present competitive concerns. While Dynegy's pipeline holdings are far smaller than Enron's, it does have some upstream natural gas processing and gathering assets that FERC could view as problematic. Never before has FERC encountered a vertical market power analysis of such scale and scope before, legal experts agreed. Another aspect of the deal that will interest FERC, according to one attorney, is Enron's Internet-based trading platform, EnronOnline, through which 25% of wholesale power sales are traded. FERC has traditionally only looked at hard assets, but in recent weeks has indicated it intends to take a harder look at financial assets when considering market power issues. But even if FERC doesn't take on the issue, the Department of Justice or the Federal Trade Commission certainly will when considering the antitrust aspects of the combination. "These two companies are huge commodity traders. Oftentimes they're trading in commodities that have nothing to do with energy," noted one attorney. Antitrust agencies will scrutinize whether the combination could present market power concerns for nonenergy-related commodities as well as electricity and natural gas. As if the complicated market-power reviews by FERC and antitrust agencies weren't enough, the deal also must pass muster at the Securities and Exchange Commission under the 1935 Public Utility Holding Company Act. The Depression-era law restricts the geographic scope and nonenergy business holdings of multistate utility holding companies. Dynegy is an exempt holding company under the act, since its utility holding is confined to one state. It would have to register under the law and potentially divest assets to garner SEC approval as long as Enron still holds Portland General Electric, attorneys agreed. The SEC review also is complicated by the 26% stake in Dynegy held by ChevronTexaco (CVX). That investment was structured in a highly complex manner to avoid triggering regulation under the 1935 holding company act, according to a lawyer familiar with the deal. Dynegy could structure the deal in several different ways in order to sidestep holding company act restrictions, according to a leading legal expert on the law. Dynegy could take nonvoting or preferred stock with conversion rights contingent on Enron's selling the Oregon utility, the attorney said. "There are ways to structure it short of a stock-for-stock deal, which is what most people think about." Given the race against the clock driven by Enron's increasingly perilous liquidity crunch, such an investment sidestepping regulatory review may be the way the companies have to go in the near term. "It's a run on the bank," the holding company act expert said. A Wall Street analyst suggested that, given Enron's predominance in energy markets, concerned Washington regulators and politicians may choose to expedite the deal. "Enron going down on the verge of winter is not a good thing," the analyst said. "They may be more lenient if they can put a frigging tourniquet on Enron."   <Sep> Subject :  Dynegy-Enron Deal Faces Significant Reg Review 
Email : Due to the current state of affairs we are canceling all of the Associate / Analyst recruiting. Thank you for being such great team players! We really appreciate your effort. Please let me know if you have any questions. Thank you!   <Sep> Subject :  Super Saturdays CANCELLED 
Email : Do you guys have a rough estimate of the NW power exports for 2002? We just want to come up with a rough estimate of what the year on year difference will be from the NW to CA. Grigsby   <Sep> Subject :  hydro forecast 
Email : Please note the attached Weather Risk Management Newsletter, market update as of 11/07/01. If you have any questions or concerns, please contact Yvette Simpson at ext. 3-9595 or myself at ext. 3-5879. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Weather Risk Management Newsletter - 11.07.01 
Email : Mike,  I represent a firm which has specialized in energy and power market placement for over ten years. I'm currently working with several organizations across the country looking for energy traders, coordinators, analysts and schedulers. These are great opportunities to change location or better ones position quickly. I'd like to schedule a ten minute telephone conversation to discuss these positions and determine whether or not you may have interest or may be able to assist with these openings. Please reply or call me at 630-990-7510 at your earliest convenience. I look forward to speaking with you soon. Best Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Energy Opportunities 
Email : During this critical time, it is imperative that our management team remain focused on our business and continue to address the challenges currently facing our company. For that reason, I have decided to postpone the Enron Management Conference. The Conference will now be held Friday, February 22 - Saturday, February 23, 2002 at the Westin La Cantera Resort in San Antonio. While the Saturday meeting allows some Enron executives who cannot be away from the office during business hours to attend the Management Conference for the first time, I also recognize that it requires many of you to forfeit additional personal time on behalf of Enron. I truly appreciate your sacrifice and I sincerely encourage your attendance. The new agenda, while still being finalized, will be abbreviated but every bit as informative and worthwhile as previously planned. We'll be in touch soon with more details. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  2001 Management Conference 
Email : Greg Whalley has requested a Trader's Meeting tomorrow morning @ 7:45 a.m. (CST). The meeting will be held in his office, ECS 06752. The dial-in number for Portland and Calgary is listed below.   <Sep> Subject :  Trader Meeting - 2/7 @ 7:45 a.m. (CST) - ECS 06752 
Email : I want to thank you for your cooperation in responding to my previous notice regarding the suspension of our document retention policy. Through the excellent work of our  IT group, we have now secured our electronic media as needed for litigation purposes. Accordingly, except as noted below, we will now return to our normal electronic document retention policy. In order that we may capture all possible electronic information related to the litigation, please do the following:          1. If you have any voice mails that relate in any way to the LJM Deal or Chewco Investments L.P., including any accounting issues related to these transactions, please forward the voice mails to  x3-6800. 2. If you have any voice mails that relate in any way to Enron's public statements regarding EBS, Azurix, New Power Co., or any voice mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters, including accounting issues related to these matters, please forward the voice mails to  x3-6801. 3. If you have any e-mails that relate in any way to the LJM Deal or Chewco Investments L.P., including any accounting issues related to these transactions, please forward the e-mails to  LJM.Litigation@enron.com. 4. If you have any e-mails that relate in any way to Enron's public statements regarding EBS, Azurix, New Power Co., or any  e-mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters, including accounting issues related to these matters, please forward the e-mails to ClassAction.Litigation@enron.com. "LJM Deal" includes LJM Cayman L.P., LJM Co-Investment L.P., TNPC1, Margaux1, Cortez (TNPC), Osprey1, Avici, Catalytica, Fishtail (Pulp & Paper), Backbone, ENA CLO (Merlin), Nowa Sarzyna (Poland), Bob West, MEGS, Yosemite, EECC Turbines (Blue Dog), Raptor 1, Raptor 1a, Raptor 2, Raptor 2a, Raptor 3, Raptor 4, Rawhide, LJM2/WW Loan Agrmt, Osprey 2 LLC1, Rythms, Osprey, Cuiaba,  and LJM Cayco Investments. Also, please forward all future e-mails and voice mails that relate to the above-referenced subjects to the appropriate e-mail address or voice mail box. These procedures will ensure that our electronic documents and voice mails are properly preserved. Over the next month, our lawyers will be collecting our traditional files, i.e., written documents, for possible production in litigation. In the meantime, please retain all of your hard-copy files that in any way relate to:          1. The LJM Deal          2. Azurix          3. New Power Co.          4. EBS          5. Chewco Investments L.P.         6. Accounting for any Enron investments          7. Any Enron public statement made to the investment public          8. Any Enron public filing with the SEC or other regulatory bodies           Please err on the side of retention of documents. If you have any questions, please call Andrew Edison at x5-7105.   <Sep> Subject :  Important Announcement Regarding Document Preservation 
Email : I would like to introduce Intercontinental Staffing Group. Our Houston office is primarily focused on serving the energy trading industry, bringing together top energy trading talent with the worlds leading energy trading companies. Our search consultants have past experience in either trading or brokering energy commodities. This gives us a distinct advantage with respect to our knowledge of and exposure to the energy trading industry. We are currently working on filling several trading and marketing/origination positions throughout the US. If you know of someone who is looking for a new career opportunity, please contact me at the phone number listed below or feel free to email me at possibilities@istaffinggroup.com <mailto:possibilities@istaffinggroup.com>. We do offer a referral fee if we are successful in placing one of your recommendations. Any information provided will be completely confidential. Thank you for your time. I look forward to speaking with you. Sincerely,   <Sep> Subject :  Intercontinental Staffing Group 
Email : Hello! Just a confirmation note about your attendance at the Super Saturday Assoc / Analyst Recruiting Event which is being held at our offices on Saturday, November 17, 2001. The day will begin at 8:30 AM with breakfast being served. We will be interviewing Associate-level candidates from our local universities and all of the candidates have passed the pre-screening interview. Lunch will be served at 11:30 AM and the day will end with a Debriefing Session at 3:30 PM. Tim, Chris and the HR Team appreciate the personal sacrifice and contribution. Go Team! Julie Kearney x7404   <Sep> Subject :  CONFIRMING ATTENDANCE  Super Saturday 11-17-01 
Email : I will be drawing names in about one hour for the monitor sale. If you'd like to get your name in the drawing, and haven't had a chance to send me an email, please do. Here is the price breakdown again:  Older 17' units - $10 Newer Compaq 17' units - $20 Older 21' units - $25 Newer Compaq 19' units - $35  Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Monitor Sale 
Email : All,  The rules of the game:   1) Object = Come closest to guessing ENE's closing stock price on 12/31/01. 2) In the event of a tie, tying players must guess the closing price for the next trading day. 3) No two (or more) players may select the same closing price. 4) Guesses should be submitted to me by email no later than 12:00 noon this Friday (10/26/01). 5) Late entries will not be accepted. 6) Players may only submit one price. 7) Cost = $5.00. 8) The closest guess (above or below) to the actual closing price wins. Feel free to forward this email to anyone I have not included on this distribution   <Sep> Subject :  ENE Stock Price Game 
Email : Open Enrollment for your 2002 Health Benefits begins Monday, October 29, 2001! Q. WHAT DOES THIS MEAN? A. If you plan to make changes to your existing benefit coverage, you will need to make changes during Open Enrollment which begins  Monday, October 29, 2001 at 8:00 AM (Central) and ends on November 12, 2001 at 5:00 PM (Central)    To facilitate these changes, you received an Open Enrollment Benefit Packet at your home address. This packet contains a personalized  worksheet and the Enron Instruction Guide to help you make your selections. (If you have not received your Info Packet, please let us know ASAP! ) Q. WHAT DO I NEED TO DO? 1. If you are satisfied with your current elections and do not need to make changes, do nothing. Your current choices will automatically roll  over to 2002. 2. If you plan to make changes to your coverage, you will need to either access the Intranet website at work:  benefits.enron.com      or at home at  www.Enron.BenefitsNow.com   or call the Phone Enrollment Line at (800) 332-7979, Option 5. Q.  I HAVE MORE QUESTIONS. I NEED MORE INFORMATION. A. If you have more questions or need more information, you may attend our Open Enrollment "Brown Bag" Info Session being held on Friday,  October 26 @ 11:30 PM in the Mt Hood Conference Room. See you then! EWS Portland HR Office Julie Kearney x7404 Grace Rodriguez x8321   <Sep> Subject :  Open Enrollment for Benefits 
Email : MWHRs =  4 Years and 1 quarter Flat so that equals approximately 37,250 Hours  The difference between 102 (the new amount) and 94.5 (the old average flat amount) = 7.5 MW * 37,250 HRs = 279,375 MWhrs  I was under the impression that a 100 MW flat amount would equal $3 million value (a $16 difference between market and $21.50). This would indicate the 102 equals a $4,100,000 valuation. As to the discount in value due to the flexibility and delivery point I am looking to you for leadership. If my assumptions are wrong then let me know. Stewart   <Sep> Subject :  Valuation Overview 
Email : Hello Mike,    My name is Garrett Stephenson and I am a executive recruiter in the Houston area. I currently have a few opportunities available in ERCOT and WSCC trading and was wondering if you would be interested in looking at these opportunities or if you knew someone that would. Please let me know a good phone number and time to contact you. I am representing a great company who is offering great benefits, base, and 17% of the book back to the traders. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  West Trading. 
Email : Mike after the calc tonight the NET value of the BPA deal (51353) was 22.8 MM. Therefore we did a schedule c for 22.8MM vs the 25MM we had spoke about. Please advise if you would like to change this. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Schedule C 
Email : Hello all. I just spoke with Dan Wayland at TFS. He said that a college education fund has been established in Robby's son's name. I am sending this message out to all of those people who knew Rob or who have mentioned wanting to contribute to such a fund if it should come about. I recognize that all of you may not have known Rob as well as I did. Also, some of you have been impacted by the loss of many friends in this tragedy and may not be able to contribute to every fund. Still, I wanted you to be aware of this one. Checks should be made payable to:   The Charles A. Noonan Educational Foundation   ...and be sent to:   <Sep> Subject :  Rob Noonan fund 
Email : Tim and Mike:  We are advised by Stacey and Georganne Hodges and we will make below Schedule C adjustments in LTNW desk this month-end (Friday). Please let me know if you disagree or please approve the attached Schedule C form and I'll print it out for you to sign off. Release/Removal of schedule C: region: Mid-C amount: $11,432,070 (the release will increase the P&L) reason for the reserve: reserved against BPA Federal Surplus Contigency Clause entry date: 2/1/01 planned removal date: 9/30/01  New schedule C: region: Mid-C amount: $11,400,000 (the new schedule will decrease the P&L) reason for reserve: Northwest Refund Risk planned entry date: 9/30/01  Net P&L effect = +$32,070     Please let me know if you would like us to use the same explanation we used for the $10MM schedule C reserved in LTCA on 8/21/01 for the same reason (Northwest Refund Risk). Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  schedule c adjutments in LTNW 
Email : Split out deal # 388136.1 BPA NW Delivered;  27 flat to BPA busbar, 4 flat to Hot Springs, 5 flat to TCL System, 20 flat to EWEB System. Left remainder at NW Del. ds   <Sep> Subject :  Sept. Changes 
Email : The attached details a recent transaction made to L-P.  Let me know if anyone has questions. Mike Driscoll has already entered the transaction. Thanks, John   <Sep> Subject :  Q3 '02 sale to L-P 
Email : Mike -  A paycheck correction will be run on 8/21/01 for you which provides a retroactive salary increase effective 7/1/01. I will have the check in the office by 8/22! Sorry again for the inconvenience. Amy   <Sep> Subject :  Your Paycheck 
Email : PGE is currently working on a problem with the inability to call international numbers. If you need to make an international call you can use 10 10 555 then the number. For example:   10 10 555 011 44 207 375 8762   If you have any questions give Chip a call at x8916.   <Sep> Subject :  International calling work around 
Email : Don't forget to mark your calendars for our company picnic at  Mt. Tabor on Saturday, September 22, at Noon. Bring your family! A Hawaiian band and live hula dancers will provide the entertainment. Games are to be played and prizes are to be won. Noho's Hawaiian Cafe will be catering the event. Remember to wear your "aloha" gear - there will be a prize for best dressed! ~Anna~   <Sep> Subject :  Saturday, Sep 22 - Mt. Tabor 
Email : VaR for total power has decreased from $41.9 M to $38.7M. VaR for the west desk has decreased from $22.7 to $21  Decrease in var for the west desk is due partially to decrease in intra month vol curves (significant change in Aug component var for the NW-LT and NW-ST books) and decrease in overall short position. Minal   <Sep> Subject :  West VaR Reports 
Email : Greetings from Amsterdam.....  A few things that I have to follow up on from previous updates:  The APB (All Points Bulletin) on Kevin Watler's bike was cancelled last month....and the reward went unclaimed. He found the bike himself. Amnesia? Senility? We'll know soon enough. But on the other hand, I have had three bikes stolen in an eight week span. So right now I have no bike, and it's pissing me off. I thought I lived in a nice neighborhood, obviously I was sadly mistaken, Bike thieves are running rampant on the Keizersgracht! Visitors Beware...... There has been a fair amount of drinking going on in Amsterdam this summer.....here are some highlights....  Doug, Kevin Watler and Tinhead left a club in Sweden got in a cab and ended up in Copenhagen, Denmark. I'm pretty sure the cab driver ripped us off, but I was involved, so that shouldn't surprise anyone. One plus...we saw a beautiful sunrise. Simon left the Supper Club a few weeks ago and was later found by Watler laying on his back on a canal bridge and singing to himself....I wasn't there, but the rumor is he was singing, "It's Raining Men". But you didn't hear that from me....  Three weeks ago most of the German Electricity Desk took out clients to the Okura Hotel for sushi. We all brought dates, my date was not impressed, I'll tell you why.....for starters, we all got bombed on hot Sake. After dinner we were started on cocktails. We all decided to go to the Supper Club for some more drinks. I got up to go to the bathroom before we left. Unfortunately....I walked into a wall instead. So surprisingly enough I got into the cab that was going to Keizersgracht 393, not the cab that was going to the Supper Club with Simon. In hind sight I think I made the right call.....(see story above about Simon, same night!!!) Eric Pierce has been having trouble riding his bike drunk this summer. He recently has ridden into the tram tracks and flipped over his handle bars. A stunt that should not be attempted stone cold sober, let alone under the influence of alcohol.....on a another occasion, he drove his bike into a wall. Kathryn and I are discussing the possibility of putting training wheels on his bicycle....I'll let you know what we decide. Speaking of bike riding....Kevin and Missy were riding back from a bar and it started pouring down rain, I mean pouring! So they stopped by my apartment to get out of the rain, I was in Corsica but Eric and Katherine were there. Apparently the four of them found the my robe and the guest robes and had a "Robe Party". I'm hoping to hear the real story before I die......I'm not holding my breath. Shockingly enough that was not the last party to be had at my apartment in my absence....  Missy and I cooked a dinner party for twelve people two weeks ago at my place. I'm pretty sure everyone would agree that it was a huge success. Only one little slip up....Missy and I forgot to serve our guests the green tea ice cream we made from scratch that afternoon. But don't worry, we didn't forget to "meet" in the kitchen between courses and eat the ice cream ourselves......oh yeah, we planned that the whole time. Anyway, I passed out at about midnight, from what I was told the party, ended at about 3:30 in the morning. A very similar thing happened last Saturday night, but then again all of last week was a little out of control. I'll leave last weeks stories (antics) for the next update, trust me, they are worth the wait.... I have an update from the human resources department....  Eric Pierce and Kathryn Adamson (engaged to be married) moved over here from New Zealand. He is working on the French Desk and running the Continental Options Desk. If anyone remembers, they are the couple I visited for New Year's Eve in New Zealand in 1997-1998. Anyway, they are part of the Amsterdam Prebon Team now....  Also, I can't believe it, but I have MORE baby announcements.....Welcome to the world, Peter Travers, Madeline (my cousin Tammy's daughter), Alex Chandler, and the Halstead Twins (girls, I haven't heard their names yet)......I am very behind in the gifts department, I'm thinking I'll start sending the gifts as soon as the kids can thank me themselves. Also, I just planned this today.......I am coming to New York for the Weekend of August 17th and 18th. I have a croquet tournament on Saturday and Saturday night. But since I never get to see everyone when I come home....I'm throwing a party Friday night. I'm starting it early, so everyone with weekend plans can at least stop by, say hello, and split if they want to. I'm throwing it at McFadden's (Elvis, email me right away please) and if I'm lucky we might just have the Nancy Luca Band there....! For all that can make it, I'll be at McFadden's (42nd Street and 2nd Avenue) from about 4:30pm on....so please stop by, you won't regret it. That's about it from Europe, I hope to see a lot of you one week from Friday....!   <Sep> Subject :  Summertime Amsterdam Update 
Email : Mike -  Both the options and the restricted stock vest 33.33% 1st, 2nd, and 3rd anniversary from grant date with a 5 year term. Also, I have requested the change to your agreement on the retention payments. Tim asked me to change the payment dates to the following:  4/1/02 4/1/03 4/1/04  He did not want to add any more to the signing payment per a conversation that he had with Lavo. I hope this works for you. Let me know if you need any more information! Amy   <Sep> Subject :  Vesting Schedule of Options and Restricted Shares 
Email : We currently have $21.4 million in reserve for potential Northwest refunds. $10 million currently sits in the LTCA book and $11.4 currently sits in the LTNW book. During the summer, FERC initiated an investigation into the potential of unjust and unreasonable spot prices in the northwest from December of 2000 through June of 2001. Seatlle City Light, Tacoma City Light, Eugene Water and Electric Board, and Sacramento Municipal Utility District all filed claims at FERC for refunds from EPMI. The claims totaled close to $100 million. However, many of these claims were, on their face, spurious. For example, Eugene Water and Electric Board filed for refund of forward purchases which was clearly outside the scope of FERC's proceeding. We hired consultants from Charles River Associates (CRA) to help us with this process. One of their tasks was to apply the CAISO competitive benchmark pricing methodology to the Northwest market. That is, CRA attempted to reverse engineer the CAISO's methodology in order to estimate our Northwest risk. I was informed by our litigation team that EPMI's realistic potential exposure using this methodology was roughly $30 million. We decided to reserve roughly 2/3 of this amount which came to about $21 million. In September a FERC Adminitrative Law Judge heard the case and submitted a draft decision to the FERC. The draft decision recommended against any refunds. This draft decision is supposed to come in front of the FERC commissioners for approval before the end of the year. If this draft decision is approved, it would be appropriate to remove these reserves.   <Sep> Subject :  Northwest Reserves 
Email : We are currently upgrading out networks at this time. We apologize for any errors, delays, or inconveniences that may result from network problems. Thank You  In this issue:   - Feature: Reconciling the Telecom Money Pit  - News Highlights: Calpine cuts FY02 estimates and places US$2 billion worth of projects on hold. - All the news, commentary, and earnings reports, plus price performance and valuation charts. <<prometheus020118.pdf>>  Best regards,   <Sep> Subject :  The Prometheus File - Energy Technology Weekly 1/18/02 
Email : Friday's Contents: 1.18.02 Daily News Update and Stock Performance Calpine Restructuring Lead to New Future   As stated in our November 16 issue of The Prometheus File, Reed Wasden Research will be sending our daily publication and morning notes for a 45-day trial period. Included is our daily update and notes on companies that RWR follows. For those who do not wish to receive the daily updates, please reply with WEEKLY ONLY as the subject. Please allow at least one day for your request to be processed. Best regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Reed Wasden Research - Daily Update 1/18/02 
Email : Tuesday's Contents: 1.15.02 Daily News Update and Stock Performance   As stated in our November 16 issue of The Prometheus File, Reed Wasden Research will be sending our daily publication and morning notes for a 45-day trial period. Included is our daily update and notes on companies that RWR follows. For those who do not wish to receive the daily updates, please reply with WEEKLY ONLY as the subject. Please allow at least one day for your request to be processed. Best regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Reed Wasden Research - Daily Update 1/15/02 
Email : We have not yet received your response. Please forward your responses to the questionnaires to Eddy Daniels as soon as possible. Please disregard this message if you have already sent your responses. Thanks. Sent on behalf of Eddy Daniels   <Sep> Subject :  Enron Corp., Enron North America Corp. and Enron Net Works  Questionnaires 
Email : Hey,  I'd like to know if I could buy you a beer sometime and pick your brain on how things work in the NW term trading world. I'm one of the NW mid-marketers now (4 of us total) and I'd like to know in advance how to best work with you, add value, and not be a pain in your ass. Let me know if this is OK.  You pick the time & place. Thanks!   <Sep> Subject :  beers 
Email : Your mailbox has exceeded one or more size limits set by your administrator. Your mailbox size is 125974 KB. Mailbox size limits:  You will receive a warning when your mailbox reaches 115000 KB. You cannot send mail when your mailbox reaches 125000 KB.You may not be able to send or receive new mail until you reduce your mailbox size. To make more space available, delete any items that you are no longer using or move them to your personal folder file (.pst). Items in all of your mailbox folders including the Deleted Items and Sent Items folders count against your size limit. You must empty the Deleted Items folder after deleting items or the space will not be freed. See client Help for more information.   <Sep> Subject :  Your mailbox is over its size limit 
Email : Your mailbox has exceeded one or more size limits set by your administrator. Your mailbox size is 123883 KB. Mailbox size limits:  You will receive a warning when your mailbox reaches 115000 KB.You may not be able to send or receive new mail until you reduce your mailbox size. To make more space available, delete any items that you are no longer using or move them to your personal folder file (.pst). Items in all of your mailbox folders including the Deleted Items and Sent Items folders count against your size limit. You must empty the Deleted Items folder after deleting items or the space will not be freed. See client Help for more information.   <Sep> Subject :  Your mailbox is over its size limit 
Email : Tuesday's Contents: 1.08.02 Daily News Update and Stock Performance   As stated in our November 16 issue of The Prometheus File, Reed Wasden Research will be sending our daily publication and morning notes for a 45-day trial period. Included is our daily update and notes on companies that RWR follows. For those who do not wish to receive the daily updates, please reply with WEEKLY ONLY as the subject. Please allow at least one day for your request to be processed. Best regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Reed Wasden Research - Daily Update 1/08/02 
Email : Your mailbox has exceeded one or more size limits set by your administrator. Your mailbox size is 122979 KB. Mailbox size limits:  You will receive a warning when your mailbox reaches 115000 KB.You may not be able to send or receive new mail until you reduce your mailbox size. To make more space available, delete any items that you are no longer using or move them to your personal folder file (.pst). Items in all of your mailbox folders including the Deleted Items and Sent Items folders count against your size limit. You must empty the Deleted Items folder after deleting items or the space will not be freed. See client Help for more information.   <Sep> Subject :  Your mailbox is over its size limit 
Email : First off Happy New Year's to all you guys! Most of you already have the  dates and other information about our Whistler trip this year but I wanted  to make sure you had all the details for this year's extravaganza. For  those of you that went last year you know the drill. I pay for  accomodations and meals (and we will eat at some nice places!). You  arrange your own transportation, lift tickets and ski rental (all of which  can be done on arrival and cost under 150 US dollars). Here are the details:  Dates:   Jan 31st thru Feb. 3   <Sep> Subject :  Whistler 
Email : The weekly price sheet is attached. Please note that this is the first update of the sheet since 12/3/01. It will now be updated each week going forward.   <Sep> Subject :  Weekly Price Sheet 
Email : In reviewing Jeff Shields' expenses for the previous two months, I have found  two travel itineraries which came without prices on them. Jessica and Mollie  have both checked their e-mail and confirmed that the only documents sent did  not detail the cost of the trip. The prices I need are from the following trips:  Itinerary only - August 28, Alaska Airlines, PDX-SeaTac-Helena-SeaTac-PDX,  Reservation # AS/WXOKNK  (reservation made August 24) Itinerary only - Sept. 6 to 7, Delta Airlines, PDX-Salt Lake  City-Spokane-PDX, Reservation # DL/V2KIC3  (reservation made September 6)  Thank you so much for your time.   <Sep> Subject :  Travel Invoices 
Email : A heads up -  The Forward Obligation report for 3/28 will show Short Term Northwest with a  50 MWh short position off-peak at NP-15. This is due to an option that Sean  and Diana decided not to exercise. Thought that might clear up at least one  of the many discrepancies we may find on that report.....  Kate   <Sep> Subject :  Forward Ob explained variance 3/28 
Email : Please accept my apologies for this worksheet's absence yesterday. It was  undergoing cosmetic improvements to more accurately represent the EES-EPMI  position. Note two new column headings as of 3/27 - "Transmission" and "Other  EnPower" deals. Also, a change has been made to the SP-15 volumes in the 3/2  sheet. This change was made per Daniel Kang at EES and Chris Foster at EPMI. And as always, feel free to contact me with questions. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Daily EES Position through 3/28 
Email : I wanted to check with you on this. All these deals are entered in your book,  and I know the Services desk typically does their own confirmations with  counterparties. However, these deals have comments in them that say they  replace other deals. In that case, would you like them confirmed by Houston? Let me know. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Willamette confirms 
Email : Please note a change in EES reported load volume on 3/31, HE 6, SP-15. The  volume was incorrectly copied into the worksheet, but all EnPower deals  reflect the correct number. Also, the sheets for 3/30 and 3/31 now show those  respective dates at the top of the page. Please let me know if there are any  questions.   <Sep> Subject :  Revised EES Spreadsheet 3/31 
Email : Following are the terms under which I ran the Forward Obligation report and  received this message:  General SQL error. ORA-00907: missing right parenthesis. Terms:    Let me know what you find. Thanks! Kate   <Sep> Subject :  Forward Obligation Report error 
Email : Les - I received this list from the Confirms group this morning. Looks like they  need quite a few unit names for confirmation purposes. But if I remember  correctly, you didn't want these deals confirmed. Please let me know when you  get a chance, and I can go through and either change them to "no confirm" or  add the unit names. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  More Unit Contingent Deals 
Email : These are the latest figures I have - I'm so sorry for the delay! I'm calling  Willie Harrell in Global Risk right now to determine why these prices are not  yet in pub posting and how we can come up with a more reliable system. Kate   <Sep> Subject :  DJ Index Prices through 4/2 
Email : Mark - Attached you'll find the spreadsheet you sent me with notes I've added on  each deal discrepancy. Most had already been solved, and a few pertain to  Real Time spreadsheets, in which case I'll defer to Bill Williams. Please let  me know if you have questions on any of my notes. If not, I believe we should  be all set for March. Thanks for your patience,   <Sep> Subject :  Latest Variances EES vs EPMI 
Email : Les -  I received the following e-mail from Confirms in Houston re: deals for which  they need unit names. I sorted through the list and changed the purchases to  "no confirm," and these three deals are what's left. Could you add the names  in the comments section? 568866 - SELL EWEB AT BPA SYSTEM BORDER 568864 - SELL EWEB AT EWEB SYSTEM BORDER 568860 - SELL LADWP AT MCCULLOUGH  Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Unit Contingent deals 
Email : Good afternoon, IT Wizards -  I'm curious about a feature on the new Forward Obligation Report. It is now  possible to run the report showing term, scheduled, or liquidated deals. In  the past I've always run the report showing term deals, then entered my  desk-to-desk deals from those numbers. Now I believe the report is designed  to pull data from our scheduling database, so I'm wondering what the  difference is between the term deal report and the scheduled deal report. Each produce completely different numbers! Please let me know when you get a  chance. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Forward Obligation Report Question 
Email : I've attached the EES March Dailies spreadsheet. It should reflect the latest  volumes and hopefully will clear up some of the discrepancies we're seeing  between EES and EPMI. Also, I've autoscheduled the following deals in an  attempt to feed them through to the CARP report. Please let me know if you  see the changes come through, Mark. The autoscheduled deals are:  533090 - 3/1/01-3/31/01 535419 - 3/2/01 535420 - 3/2/01 566081 - 3/1/01-3/31/01 550208 - 3/15/01    The last deal I'm checking on is #535568 - in your spreadsheet you said EES  saw the on peak hours totalling 1070.75 MWH and believed the on peak hours  should actually total 1016.75 MWH. Below are the volumes I see both in the  EnPower deal and in the March Dailies spreadsheet. +____________   <Sep> Subject :  March EES-EPMI Revisions 
Email : I'm just sending the sheets that are saved in our system. Bill Williams told  me he cleared everything up on the Real Time side yesterday, but if the  volumes in these documents still look wrong, please let me know. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Real Time EES Sheets 3/16 & 3/19 
Email : This morning I was notified by Confirms in Houston that one of the deal  changes I made last night didn't come through on their side. If you refer to  the Deal Correction Report from yesterday, Mike Swerzbin did a deal with EES  for Cal'03 that he mistakenly entered twice, once for Cal'03 (571920) and  once for Cal'02 (571801). He killed 571920 and kept 571801, but the trade was  actually for Cal'03. (Is everyone still with me?) So I restored 571920 and  killed 571801 to reverse what he had done. But in my rush just before your  calc last night I neglected to look at the volumes of the deal I was  restoring, which incidently had been zeroed out, thus leaving Mike with no  value for either of the deals. I've reinstated the volumes in deal 571920 and added the error to today's  deal correction report. I just wanted to give you guys a heads up. Please let  me know if you have questions. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Deal Change - Revision of last night's Deal Correction Report 
Email : Evelyn - Here's the status of those year-long deals I changed last night. Everything  should look good now - 571920 now has 25 mwh and 571801 is killed. Let me  know if you still see something wrong. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  571801/571920 
Email : This deal discrepancy seems to have a few of us stumped - so I'm referring it  to all of you in hopes that we can solve this today. Following are the terms  of the deal:  Short Term California buys Enron Energy Services Hours: HE 6-9 Delivery Point: SP-15 Term: 3/29/01 Price: $110  The deal was entered by Bert Meyers, a Real Time trader, on behalf of STCA. It was extended for HE 9 through 22 at a price of $160. In the spreadsheet  Real Time sends to EES each day, it shows the deal as a sale at a price of  $130, not a buy at a price of $160. My first instinct was to simply modify  the spreadsheet to match the deal in Enpower, but EES claims they see the  price coming across as $130. I'm reluctant to send any more incorrect  information to EES, as we've already dealt with enough confusion over this  matter. Please take a look at the deal and its corresponding documents, and  let me know which is the correct price. Thanks for your help,   <Sep> Subject :  EPMI/EES Discrepancies - Deal 564094 
Email : I was told that I will need an employee number in order to enter the hours  I've worked this week. Is this something I should have already? Please let me  know whenever you get a free moment.   <Sep> Subject :  Employee Number 
Email : Because I'm not quite sure who to direct this request to, I'm e-mailing  everyone I think might be involved in entering new counterparty names. One of  our mid-marketers has executed a deal with Sierra Pacific Holding Company,  which is a new counterparty name and needs to be added as a choice in  Enpower. Please let me know if I've contacted the correct people, and if I've  contacted the incorrect people. (Sorry!) Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  New CTPY Name Request 
Email : I just heard from Samuel (thanks for your message!) that I need to send  Rhonda new counterparty information in order to get their names added to the  system. I called Rhonda, but it turns out she's out of the office for the  first part of this week, and her voice mail referred me to Melissa. (That's a  short explanation of why I'm sending this info. to all of you.) Anyway, following is the information connected with the new counterparty name  Chris Foster has requested:   <Sep> Subject :  New CTPY Request 
Email : Joanie! I have been soooo busy lately and I'm starting to feel like I sold my soul to  the Enron devil. In fact, I have no time to be writing this e-mail right now,  but I've been meaning to drop a line and catch up with you. I also just ran  into Brigdet (from the class below us at SMA) at lunch - apparently she's  married to some baseball player. Crazy! So right away I had to contact my  ever-realistic "single" friend to bring me some sanity. I'm actually dating a  guy right now, but it still gives me the chills to hear about anyone near my  age walking down the toilet...I mean aisle. Anyway, call me, or I'll call you  tonight - let's dish! I hope everything's great with you - I expect nothing  less. I have lots of interesting stories to tell about how and why I've come  to the decision that I'm sending my roommates to rehab. Love,   <Sep> Subject :  Work, work, work..... 
Email : Please let me know if this format is accessible and useful for you. I know  some of these deal changes aren't relevant to your calculation discrepancies,  but I included everything just in case. If you'd like it pared down or beefed  up, don't hesitate to ask. Thanks for your patience.   <Sep> Subject :  Daily Error Report 11/17 
Email : Chris - Looks like these deals might have been entered for the wrong term. I'll check  with Jeff on this, but if you recognize that the terms are wrong, please let  me know and I can fix them. Here are the deals:  576274 STCA buys ARCO SP-15 May-01 On Peak 15 MW @ $260  576275 STCA buys ARCO SP-15 May-01 Off Peak 15 MW @ $135  Thanks for checking on this.   <Sep> Subject :  Atlantic Richfield Company 4/9/01 
Email : Looks like we might have to modify this name in EnPower after all - The dba  on our master agreement is "Sierra Pacific Industries" with no "Inc." at the  end. I just spoke with Bob Ellery over at Sierra, and he confirmed that,  although the company is a corporation, they never use "Inc." in their  contracts. Thus, our confirm letters would not match up with the master  agreement because of those three pesky letters. Just let me know if this causes a problem for either of you. In case you'd  like to reference it, the deal number we're attempting to modify is 573679 -  it's a buy from Sierra done by Chris Foster on the 10th of April.   <Sep> Subject :  New CTPY Name - Sierra Pacific Industries 
Email : I've gone ahead and entered the counterparty name "Sierra Pacific Industries,  Inc." in Chris Foster's deal #573679, in the interest of moving it along  through the confirmation process. (The deal was done on 4/6 and flowed on  4/10.) I spoke with Bob Ellery (Sierra) yesterday and he seemed fine with the name  we have in our system, although I'm sure he's not the final authority. Then I  spoke with the Confirms group today and they were ready to get the deal off  of their new deal report. So, since I haven't heard anything to the contrary,  I changed the deal from it's "new counterparty" status. Please let me know if this presents a problem for any of you. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  New CTPY Name - Sierra Pacific Industries 
Email : Here's the latest I've heard from EES regarding ways in which we've managed  to thoroughly confuse them. I'm researching most of these questions, but as  with last month, there are a few Real Time deals they don't see in the  spreadsheet you guys send to them. Would you mind checking this out when you  have a minute (or despite the fact that you don't)? If you revise anything,  just let me know or e-mail it directly to Mark Confer and Brooklyn Couch. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  EES - April Deal Discrepancies 
Email : Bill, Jr. - I'm so sorry! I should know better by now. Bill, III - You might be more interested in this e-mail than your dad. Kate   <Sep> Subject :  EES - April Deal Discrepancies 
Email : Here you go, Chris. Please ignore the last four days, as they are still under  construction. And let me know if you have any questions. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  EES April Daily Positions 
Email : Here's what I've come up with so far on these deals. There are just two more  that are going to require a little bit more attention - 566426 and 566391 -  the SP-15 deals for 4/2. I'm sorry it's taken me a few days to get back to  you on this. Please let me know what you think, and we'll go from there. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  EES-EPMI April Discrepancies 
Email : 582324 - Grays Harbor Paper Mill  582322 - Las Vegas Cogeneration  I've added the unit names to the deals and reminded Les that they need to be  in the comments section. He was under the impression that the guideline sheet  he sent out re: unit names spelled out the answers, but I took another look  at it and it doesn't seem to really answer anything. I've attached it just in  case you don't have it anymore - but please let me know if this assists you  guys in ANY way. If it doesn't, I can probably get him to draw up something  more useful. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Unit Contingent Deals 
Email : Judy - I just heard from Kim Hundl in Confirms that you had a discrepancy regarding  a Short Term West Hourly deal entered for 4/4/01. Deal 570892 was originally  entered as a buy of 5 MW for hour ending 11. Then the trader extended the  deal, which is something Real Time traders do often, but when they do they  rarely modify the deal in EnPower Deal Entry. They simply make the change in  Scheduling. Because of that, unfortunately, you can only see the true total  volume of the deal in our scheduling system. At any rate, I've corrected the Real Time sheet for 4/4 to show the correct  volumes for the correct hours; and I'm terribly sorry for the confusion. Please feel free to call me or e-mail any questions you have regarding EPMI's  coverage of EES's load. I'm noticing that nine times out of ten, the  discrepancies originate when Real Time is hurriedly sending spreadsheets to  you guys and not making sure that they match the deals we have in EnPower. Also, I was wondering if you could tell me what database or report you're  looking at to tie out our deals with your records. I think if I knew more  about your perspective, I'd be able to help more efficiently. Attached is the revised Real Time spreadsheet for 4/4. And again, please call  with questions. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Real Time Discrepancy - 570892 
Email : Chris Foster has requested that we set up a new broker - the Automated Power  Exchange, in EnPower. It is the same counterparty we already have in EnPower,  with the same name and contact information. Melissa, I believe you said we  could pretty easily add the name in the broker list if it was the same as in  the counterparty list, which Chris has verified it is. Please let me know if  you need anymore information. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  New Broker: Automated Power Exchange 
Email : P.S. I mentioned this to you, Melissa. But just a reminder that we need the  default broker fee on this to be $.03. Thank you!   <Sep> Subject :  New Broker: Automated Power Exchange 
Email : Hi Rhonda -  I was told you're the person to contact regarding changes in the Enpower  counterparty list. Several items are outdated or have gone through many  different versions, and it's made somewhat of a confusing situation for the  traders and others who do deal entry. My sensitivity to this is heightened  because I'm new to the Deal Control position here at the Portland West Desk,  and I'm still getting used to which names we use and which we don't. Monica  Lande suggested I ask you about it, although she pointed out that if we've  ever booked a deal under any of these counterparty names, then they need to  stay in the system. I'm wondering if there is any way to weed out some of those extra selections. For example, Duke and El Paso both have five different names in the system;  Arizona Public Service Company has become Pinnacle; and other names were just  tests that are no longer used. Please let me know whenever you have a free moment - this is certainly not an  urgent request, and I completely understand if the list needs to stay as is. Just checking. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Enpower: Counterparty Name Changes 
Email : I received a message today from one of the brokers at ED&F Mann, who said he  was waiting on our payment for a Palo Verde futures contract for April. I  remember something like this happening last month, and I remember you two  coming to the rescue, which is why I'm asking for your assistance. If either  of you get a chance on Monday, let's get together and figure out why this  hasn't been paid, or maybe why it HAS been paid and not received. I believe the deal in question is 531782 - Long Term Southwest buys from  Avista for the month of April, price $196, trade date 2/26. Doesn't this seem  eerily reminiscent of the last contract that ED&F Mann didn't receive payment  on? Was it Avista that time too? The contact at ED&F Mann is Martin, and his number is (212) 566-9329. Just  let me know when you have a moment to talk. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  NYMEX Futures Payment 
Email : Kate Symes Student No. 569430668  1. The invention of the french fry would result in an increased demand for  potatoes - that is, the demand curve for potatoes would shift outward. This  would result in an increase in price, and a corresponding increase in supply. As the supply curve comes up to meet the new, higher demand curve, we would  actually see an increase in overall demand, supply, AND price. The statement  is wrong in assuming that increased supply equals a lower price. 2. a. The value of one bottle of beer to me between points A and B is 8  bottles of soda. b. I am therefore indifferent between bundles A and B, because they both  allow me the same frequency of use and same level of satisfaction. c. Bundle E must include about 216 bottles of soda in order to make me  indifferent between it and bundle D. This follows from the logic that, when I  have 100 bottles of soda, it would take about 8 more to make me give up one  bottle of beer in the bundle. Here I have 200 bottles of soda - I would need  AT LEAST 8 bottles of soda to make me give up one more beer in another bundle  with the same frequency of use. 3. Firstly, this legislation produces a disincentive for parents to travel  with children on an airplane because it increases the already high costs  associated with flying. Add to this the somewhat more relaxed rules of the  highway, and you might find more families taking road trips on their next  vacation. This is a potential secondary effect of the legislation which could  actually increase injuries and fatalities - secondary because it would not be  directly associated with injuries caused in airplane crashes, but because it  would incent people to find other, possibly more dangerous, modes of  transportation. 4. Auto safety legislation puts constraints on auto makers to make cars as  safe as possible while still maintaining a profit. It also narrows consumers'  choice sets when buying a new car. A person buying a car in a country with no  auto safety legislation might make auto safety a priority in their decision. In a country indoctrinated by Nader's book, the choice between whether to buy  a safe or unsafe car is taken away - all cars are made equally safe. Because  of this, car-buyers have less incentive to drive safely and more leeway to  choose their car for other reasons. Soon, safety in a car becomes a moot  point and the car buyer is only concerned with a good price or other  incentives. Auto accidents increase because there is no longer an incentive  to drive safely - legislation has made cars, in consumers' minds,  indestructible. If cars are indestructible, so then are the people in them. 5. a. My demand curve shows that I would purchase 1 gallon of soda at a price  just under $10. So when I purchase 5 gallons at $5 a gallon, I am better of  by $12.50. b. I can purchase 3 more gallons of Diet Coke when it is priced at $3 a  gallon than when it's priced at $5. Therefore, I'm better off by $2.50 - a  gain of 3 gallons times a decrease of $2 divided by 2.  c. If Diet Coke was free, I'd consume up to 10 gallons of it before it  wouldn't be worth it for me to consume anymore. My consumer surplus is $50. 6. a. A will sell chairs to B. A can make 5 chairs in the time it takes him  to build 1 table, while B can only build 3 in the time it takes him to build  a table. (A's chair-to-table time ratio is greater than B's - 1/2 to 1/3.) b. A will buy tables from C. C can make a table in only twice the amount of  time it takes him to build a chair, while A takes five times as long to build  a table than a chair. (A's table-to-chair time ratio is greater than C's - 5  to 2.) c. B will do neither. Since B can make chairs faster (rate of 1/3 for B to  1/2 for C), B won't buy chairs from C. And because C can make tables faster  (rate of 2 for C to 3 for B), B can't sell tables to C.  7. a. The equilibrium price is $3.96.   <Sep> Subject :  Econ 201 Homework 1 
Email : FYI  Following are the exact definitions of each Dow Jones Index Price in which we  participate. This was originally a question Stew had, but I thought it might  be helpful for all of you to be able to reference. I'll keep a copy of these  definitions at my desk as well. Please let me know if you have any questions. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Dow Jones Index Definitions 
Email : Andrew -  I just heard that you've been trying to reach me today with no success. I'm  actually sitting at a new desk and periodically checking my old voicemail  extension, but the best number to reach me on is (503) 464-3827. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Contact Info 
Email : A suggestion:  One of the most interesting books I've read recently is called "The River  Why," by David James Duncan. I believe he's from the Pacific Northwest. It's  about fishing and religion. Check it out.....if your gigantic FINANCE brain  can fit it in. Kate   <Sep> Subject :  Summer Reading List 
Email : After a little more digging, I've found that the deal NYMEX was referring to  is the same one we dealt with a month ago. I spoke with Tracy Green, one of  our contacts at Avista, and she had been dealing with the same issue all day. Apparently, when Avista first incorrectly reported that we hadn't made a  payment, it set off a domino effect of doubts that seems to still be falling. So NYMEX called EDF Mann, our futures clearing broker, today to assure that  payment would be made today.   <Sep> Subject :  EPMI-Avista Futures Contract 
Email : Here's the latest info. regarding Bloomberg's ability to accept deals with  Pinnacle West (formerly Arizona Public Service Co.). From now on, we'll enter  ALL deals with Pinnacle, despite Bloomberg's slow response to the  counterparty name change. If you never knew that Bloomberg wasn't accepting  confirms with the name Pinnacle on them, then disregard this message and  continue as you were. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Bloomberg-Pinnacle/APS deals 
Email : This document accompanies two e-mails I forwarded from Carla - the last EOL  Deal Summaries completed for the months of August, September, and October  2000. I hope these are what you're looking for. Kate   <Sep> Subject :  EOL Deal Summary 8-31 
Email : <HTML><HEAD><TITLE>Server Error</TITLE></HEAD> <BODY><H1>Server Error</H1> This server has encountered an internal error which prevents it from  fulfilling your request. The most likely cause is a misconfiguration. Please  ask the administrator to look for messages in the server's error log.   <Sep> Subject :  error 
Email : Chris - Would you mind e-mailing Evelyn your contact information at the APX? And I  can't recall whether or not we wanted to confirm these trades. Let me know  when you get a chance, and I'll take care of it with the Confirms group. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Automated Power Exchange 
Email : Les - Here's the latest list of unit contingent deals in need of unit names. I've  tried referring to your unit name list and entering them myself, but it looks  like some delivery points correspond to more than one unit. I.E. Navajo can  originate from LV Cogen OR Saguaro Power. If you could add these unit names  into the deals, or let me know what they are so I can enter them, it would be  much appreciated. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Unit Contingent Deals 
Email : Elena, with Imax Town Cars, will pick you up today at 1:40 p.m. You now have  a reservation with National Car Rental in Houston from today until Saturday  morning. Your reservation number is 808752919. You can either check in at the  National desk next to baggage claim and then catch the shuttle to the parking  lot, or you can catch the shuttle first and fill out paperwork once you get  out there. Have a great time in Houston.   <Sep> Subject :  Travel Plans 
Email : Thanks for letting me know about the change in this deal. I looked at the  audit viewer, and it jogged my memory a bit. Mike originally entered this  deal as Q2 off peak; then he came over to me the next day and said it should  have been Cal'03-Cal'04. So we changed it, and it must have messed up the  strips somehow. Anyway, if it checks out with the broker, that sounds good  enough for me. Thanks again,   <Sep> Subject :  595421 
Email : I've entered the following imbalance deals under STCA and STWBom desks. 599966 STCA sells Cal Imb  NP-15  On Peak 38 MW  600031 STWB sells Cal Imb NP-15 On Peak 37 MW  Let me know if you have any questions. Kate   <Sep> Subject :  Cal Imbalance Deals - 5/3 
Email : I notified Jim Fell and Terrell Gault of the delay in getting the documents  to them, and Jim actually said he had both the Business Plan and the EIS and  therefore didn't need either. Hopefully the Business Plan will arrive from  BPA today and I'll send it off to Terrell. Also, I'm sorry about the errors on the place cards. I was in a hurry to get  them out to Sir Not-So-Speedy and overlooked those details. I hope it didn't  cause too much confusion. Kate   <Sep> Subject :  Update 
Email : Sean Crandall just changed both of these deals. 464181 should have been a  buy, and 464182 should have been a sale. Hope that checks out correctly - we  couldn't find Diana Scholtes anywhere. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  464181/464182 
Email : I have one question about a receipt you have from Teala's Mexican Restaurant  for dinner on Tuesday, Oct. 10. The total is $36. Did you have dinner by  yourself, or with someone else? If so, who? Let me know when you get a chance  so we can send this off and get you some money.   <Sep> Subject :  Expense Report 
Email : Dave - I'm the new Deal Control staff person here in the Portland office, and I've  been told you're the person to contact regarding counterparty match-ups for  our futures deals this month. The futures were done today, and if you could let me know of the  corresponding counterparties as soon as you find out, that would be very  helpful. If there is anything I should know about your job or how we might  help each other work better, please let me know. Thanks a lot,   <Sep> Subject :  Enron Portland - Dec. Futures 
Email : Just wanted to keep you posted on this deal. You called me earlier and said  that the counterparty, Deseret, had recorded this deal with Enron buying. We  entered the deal with Enron selling. I have Matt Motley, Kim Ward, and Tim  Belden reviewing the tapes of Kim Ward's conversation with Desret last week,  in which it is clear that she was selling to Deseret. She's spoken with her  contact there, who still disputes the deal and says we were buying. They're  all talking it over right now, and I'll let you know as soon as we make a  decisiion on whether or not to change this deal. Thanks for your patience,   <Sep> Subject :  465821 
Email : This deal finally got sorted out this morning. I believe Kim Ward and Matt  Motley worked out another deal with Deseret to offset their loss on this one. But 465821 stands as Enron had it - we sell to Deseret. If you have any other questions, please let me know. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  465821 
Email : I'm sorry if I confused you with my e-mail last night, but I think I might  finally have the futures figured out. Now, instead of one deal number with no  counterparty name, we now have two deal numbers, two counterparties, and the  correct number of MW in each. Imagine that! Here is the updated information:  467455 10 MW 175.00 Palo Verde Southern Company Energy Marketing Mark Watson  469098 50 MW 175.00 Palo Verde Sempra Energy Trading Chris Bennett  I hope this makes more sense; please let me know if there's anything else I  can do. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Dec. Futures - New Deal Number 
Email : RE: My newly formed case of dyslexia! I switched the MW hours on these deals. 469098 should have 10 MW with Sempra. 467455 should have 50 MW with SCEM. These are correct in the system now, but  I just wanted to alert you to my error. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  467455/469098 
Email : I'd like to introduce myself, as I'm sure we'll be in frequent contact in the  coming weeks while I adjust to my new position at the Deal Control desk here  in Portland. Please feel free to call or e-mail me with questions, concerns,  alerts, or suggestions - I'm eager to learn as much as I can about this job  and take it in new directions. So if there is anything I can do to make your  jobs function more smoothly, let me know. As a first order of business, thank you for the heads-up on the new version  of Deal Entry. A couple of our schedulers have been experiencing delayed  efficiency with the program  today - I'm not sure if that has anything to do  with the new version or possibly our Terminal Server connection. Just wanted  to let you know, in case anyone else has the same experience. I look forward to working with you, and again, feel free to call me anytime. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  New Deal Control Staff in Portland 
Email : I was just told that we are being sent the Credit Watchlist Update via fax,  in addition to the one you send me via e-mail every couple weeks or so. Since  I already receive and print out the list for all of our traders and  mid-marketers, I thought it might cut down on some work for someone if they  didn't have to fax it to us as well. I don't know if that person is you, or  if you might know who I can contact; in any case, Iwe don't need the  watchlist faxed to the Portland office. (Anything to take one extra step out  of the day, right?) Please let me know if I should contact somebody else. Thanks so much,   <Sep> Subject :  Credit Watchlist Faxes 
Email : Well, the origination tickets are up for grabs if you want them. I have been  informed by Mollie, Oh Holy Keeper of the Tickets, that you must, and I  quote, "come over here and beg me" if you want to procure free seats to  tonight's game. The ball is now in your court. I'd suggest driving down the middle, faking to  the left, butt-kissing to the right, and taking it straight to the hole for a  slam dunk. Good luck! Kate "Nothin' But Net" Symes   <Sep> Subject :  Blazers v. Dallas 
Email : Hey there Mr. Real Time. Looks like you did a deal with Pacificorp on 11/28 -  EPMI STCA buys 8 MW @ $60 for hour 2. These eight silly little megawatts have  unbalanced our book and driven the schedulers to near insanity. No, just  kidding. But I think there should be a sale of 8 MW from Nevada to Mead on  hour 2 somewhere in there. I don't know - I'm not the expert, which is why  I'm asking you. Will you please let Lisa Gang or me know how to fix this. I'm more than happy  to do it, just wanted to double check with the man who created the mess in  the first place. (Kidding again.) Kate   <Sep> Subject :  STCA Net Position Discrepancy 11/28 
Email : I've ordered the 1999 Annual Report for Scottish Power, as I noticed it was  not in the company file. It should be here tomorrow or Friday at the latest. If you need the information sooner than that, I can download the report from  the company's website, although the document is understandably bulky. Please  let me know if you'd like a print-out. Also, if you'd like, I can talk to Sue about CASA's financial needs. Mollie  and I had discussed splitting the auction proceeds between two charities; in  that way we can share the wealth and not inundate an organization with more  than they can manage. It's something to think about in case CASA doesn't need  much help. Kate   <Sep> Subject :  Scottish Power 1999 Annual Report 
Email : 471740 - Bob Badeer checked with Natsource. This is their deal. Broker  mistake. 471315 - This was PGET. It's been changed. 471588 - This was 12/3, not 12/4. It's been changed. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Deal Discrepancies 12/1/00 
Email : Just curious - did you ever catch up with Larry Joe Hunter regarding the Long  Term Southwest desk's futures deal with Sempra? I'm wondering if I should  grab Matt Motley before he goes home today to let him know he needs to get a  hold of Tim Cannon about the ADT. Let me know when and if you talk to him. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Futures Deal w/ Sempra 
Email : I realize this is late notice, but it just occurred to me that I never  discussed my Christmas vacation plans with you when I transferred into  Trading. I have a family trip planned and paid for, so I hope it won't cause  too much chaos if I'm gone. I understand the tendency for people to feel lost  and helpless without me. I'm supposed to be in California with my dad on Dec. 22, then in Mexico with  my mom from Dec. 26 to Jan. 2. So I basically need to miss four days of work. Again, I'm sorry to bring this to you so late, and I'd be glad to do any  amount of work before or after, or even spend my holiday entering deals on  the computer in some exotic Central American internet cafe. I've heard  they're great places to rage. We can discuss the logistics when you're back in the office. And by the way,  the flame in this e-mail does not indicate anger, but rather is meant to be a  festive, joyous, holiday-time explosion. Kate   <Sep> Subject :  Holiday Vacation 
Email : As you may have gathered by now, the West Origination Group has purchased  season tickets to see the Portland Trail Blazers on their path to  championship glory. We have four seats which will be used primarily to  entertain customers and foster outside business relationships. Please look over the attached schedule and determine the game dates you would  like to reserve. Tickets will be distributed on a first-come first-serve  basis, so be sure to plan as far in advance as possible. Games that have not  been reserved as of three days prior will be distributed internally or given  to outside parties. If you have any questions or would like to reserve tickets, please contact  Blazer Command Central by e-mail, telephone, or in person. Include the date  of the games you would like to go to and the name of the customers you will  be taking.   <Sep> Subject :  Blazer Tickets 
Email : I wanted to introduce myself and let you know that the Portland West Desk has  a new person in Deal Control. I'm sure you know from working with Carla  Hoffman that the position requires quite a bit of communication with your  group regarding Enpower program development; so if there is anything I can do  to facilitate the speed or success of your tasks, please let me know. The first Enpower question I have is regarding the Enron Online Report. Apparently Carla had requested a few changes, which were then put into a  stage version of the program. I'm wondering if we can get that report into  production, and more importantly, if we can make a few more minor changes to  it. Right now I'm running reports by logging on as Carla, which is fine, but  eventually we'd like to see the EOL report up and running for everyone to use. I know that Carla and Nicolay have worked on it in the past, and I think it  would be relevant to talk with them about issues and obstacles they found in  the report. I look forward to meeting you (via telephone or otherwise!). Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Enron Online Report 
Email : The strips in this deal have been changed. Total MW for the deal is now  24,800. If this solves the problem, great. If not, let me know. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  477087 
Email : Here are the people who handle confirms in Houston:  Melissa Ann Murphy Sharen Cason Kim Hundl  EB 3115 1400 Smith Street Houston, Texas 77002  Hope that helps! Let me know if you need anything else. Kate   <Sep> Subject :  Confirms contacts in Houston 
Email : I thought it might behoove you guys to know about this, even though I am  unclear as to its meaning myself. Basically, Cara made a change in scheduling  that she did not change in Enpower, and it has to do with an ongoing deal  being managed by the short and long term northwest desks. In addition, Carla and I zeroed out a deal for Diana Scholtes in scheduling -  473338 - selling to Modesto at NP-15 for BOM on peak. For some reason, she  just needed it zeroed out for tomorrow, so we did not change the deal in deal  entry. If you have any questions, please let me know. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Explained variance for 12/13 
Email : I figured you'd probably see Geir before I do. If so, would you check with  him on these deals and find out if they should be with LADWPPX or Los Angeles  Department of Water and Power? I have a feeling it's the latter, but I'd like  to know for sure before I change the deals and eliminate the useless  counterparty name. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  LADWPPX 
Email : You'll be staying at the beautiful Phoenix Inn in sunny Eugene this Wednesday  evening. You can check in at anytime, but if you need to cancel, let me know  before 4 p.m. on Wednesday. Your confirmation number is 251832, and the  reservation is under Todd Perry (to assist in the check-in process).   <Sep> Subject :  Eugene Accomodations 
Email : I think I sent something about this to you yesterday - here's a friendly  reminder from Houston. Let me know if you guys want help changing these deals. Kate   <Sep> Subject :  Deals-LADWPPX 
Email : Please join me in welcoming Angela Cadena and Mike Danielson to Enron North  America. Angela has joined West Origination as a senior specialist. She comes to us  from Toronto, Canada, where she did work in merchant banking for OMERS, a  large pension fund, as well as investment banking and project finance for TD  Securities. She is most proud of her latest project - a 15-month-old baby  girl named Maxim. Mike has been with Enron for more than two years in East Origination and  Enron Online. He will be based in San Francisco as a Director for West  Origination. Mike hails from Florida and comes to us most recently from  Houston. Please introduce yourself and make him feel at home on his frequent  Portland visits.   <Sep> Subject :  Welcome Note 
Email : Mike Swerzbin did not get a confirm from the broker on these deals. They were  two sleeves done with EES, and Driscoll just entered them. Thanks for the  heads up. Any other questions, just give me a call or e-mail. Kate   <Sep> Subject :  481618,481619,481620,481621 
Email : I would be very interested in finding out more about the Deal Control  position and what it entails. Coming from a background in print journalism  leaves me somewhat at a loss for practical experience; however, I make up for  skills in my ability to learn quickly and work aggresively. I'll come by  sometime today to talk further about this opportunity. Thanks for the notice. Kate   <Sep> Subject :  Deal Control Position 
Email : Here's the solution I came up with. It will only take a few more minutes each  day, but I think it will make the EOL summary more relevant. Please let me  know if this plan suits you -   1. You will continue to receive the same EnPower/EOL summary, complete with  EES sleeves. If I take the EES deals out of this table, I have to adjust the  total megawatts accordingly. This could end up taking awhile, and I'm not  sure the effect would be worth it. Again, let me know if you agree, because  I'd like this report to be as applicable as possible. 2. I will run the EnPower deal count, excluding EES deals. I'll compare this  count to the original one to determine how many EES deals were done by each  desk, then double that number - to account for both sides of the sleeve - and  subtract. I'll enter the altered numbers into the graph, which should produce  a more accurate rendering of the day's activities. I think I made it sound more complicated than it is. Bottom line, this should  solve the EES sleeve dilemma with little ado. Kate   <Sep> Subject :  Daily EOL Summary 12/19 
Email : Val and I have finished auto-scheduling these deals. Please let me know if  you see them coming through approval, or if there is anything else I can do  to assist. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Nevada Power Oct 
Email : Would you let me know if confirmation letters have already been sent out for  these deals? If not, is there any way to get them out before the holiday? Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Confirms - Hinson Power deals 
Email : I have changed the following deals to reflect a monthly expiry frequency  instead of daily:  483753 483759 483765 483766  Since I don't enter options very often, and have only done daily options  before, I'm still getting familiar with all the different parameters of the  deals. I'm sorry for the confusion. Thanks for catching that. Kate   <Sep> Subject :  Changed Option Deals 
Email : Just to clarify - you are booked in the Mt. Bachelor conference room for your  Monday morning staff meetings, 9 to 10:15 a.m., from now until this time next  year. Hopefully this will eliminate any last minute confusion like what we  ran into this morning. If you have any other questions, please let Mollie or  myself know and we'll address them as quickly as possible. Thank you -   <Sep> Subject :  Monday Staff Meetings 
Email : I'm dragging myself out of this office. I can hardly keep my eyes open, but  it's well-deserved. Santana concert last night with friends from Ashland. The  social schedule just never lets up. I don't know how feasible it would be for  me to spend two months resisting the temptations of hand-holding boys and  shadowy bars. But I will think seriously about the idea. Have a safe trip  back home. Oh, and my Christmas plans still stand - gone from Dec. 22 to Jan.  2. Maybe it's you who needs a schedule rearrangement. Kate   <Sep> Subject :  end of a long day 
Email : I just changed both of these deals to CAISO energy, instead of Firm. I  noticed that the one you asked about, #481620, was part of an EES sleeve, so  I checked the other side of it, deal #481621, and sure enough it also had the  incorrect energy type. It's holiday fever! Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  481620/481621 
Email : While you guys were all busy worrying over the California energy crisis, I  slipped down to Mexico to conduct an investigation of how our neighbors even  further to the south are faring. Do they still have lights? Is the AC shot? Can they even make a blended margarita? Seriously, though, I will be out of the office on Friday, Dec. 22, and again  from Wednesday, Dec. 27 to Monday, Jan. 2. I realize this is late notice; I  did let Richter know awhile ago, but I probably should have spread the word a  little further. I am truly sorry. At any rate (below the price cap of course), while I am gone I would be so  appreciative if one of you could run the Dow Jones report in the morning and  the EOL report in the evening. Dow Jones will only need to be taken care of  from Wed. through Fri. of next week. I will call on those days, and I can  easily explain the procedure over the phone to those of you who don't know  it. If I call and you're ridiculously busy, just hang up on me. I'll call  back later. The EOL report we have come to know and love is actually being fixed right  now. I will talk with Nicolay Kraltchev, the Houston IT guy in charge of  fixing it, on Friday, Dec. 22. It should be up and running again by Friday  afternoon. Again, I'll call to check in and make sure this works, or explain  how to use it. I'll be in the office on Monday, Dec. 25, just briefly to make sure it hasn't  exploded in my absence, but then I'll be off to the land where tequila is  better for you than water. Sounds terrible. Please don't hesitate to call if  you have any questions, or problems, of the work sort, of course.   <Sep> Subject :  Days I Will Be Gone 
Email : Bob Badeer informed me that these deals have already been confirmed, possibly  by you. Could you let me know if this is in fact true? If it is, I will go  ahead and make a note in the comments section of the deals. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Avista deals: confirmation? 
Email : My paycheck doesn't seem to be anywhere around here. Could you let me know if  my name was on the list of missing paychecks for the end of last month? Kathy  Axford said she gave you such a list on 12/30. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  12/31 Paycheck 
Email : The STCA desk will be short 75 MW on peak at NP-15 on 1/4. This is due to two  sales involving the STNW desk and one involving LTWM which have been zeroed  out in scheduling but not in EnPower. All three are for 25 MW on peak. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  STCA Forward Ob Position - 1/4 
Email : The graphs I've set on your desks are the product of a new version of the EOL  Report. Please look them over briefly and determine whether or not the data  this report pulled in is correct. I've attached a table of the data as well  for another point of reference. If there are problems or discrepancies in the  report, please let me know as soon as possible, and we'll adjust it  accordingly. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Daily EOL Summary 1/4 
Email : After researching the position further, I am very much interested in formally  applying to work in Deal Control. I have spoken with Jeff Richter, Val Sabo,  and Carla Hoffman about the requirements and responsibilities of the job, and  I have a good understanding of the kind of candidate they're looking for. I  feel I fit that profile and am excited by the challenge it presents. I have also spoken with Mollie Gustafson and Chris Calger, who have given me  their support in pursuing another opportunity within the company. (Although  they would be understandably heartbroken.) Please let me know at your earliest convenience how to proceed in applying  for this position. Thank you for your help, Amy. Kate   <Sep> Subject :  Deal Control Position 
Email : I've had a request from Matt Motley to begin receiving this table on a daily  basis. Carla Hoffman said Bob Badeer had asked for it before, and for  whatever reason she held off distributing it to all the traders. I'd like to know if there is some reason why we don't send the EOL table to  all the traders on a daily basis. If not, may I copy them on this in the  future? Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Daily EOL Summary 1/10 
Email : I just received the e-mail regarding your visit to Portland (Monica Lande  forwarded it to me). Regarding that, I would definitely be interested in  gaining access to Livelink. Monica explained that Livelink is a system that  allows one to view confirms, in which case it would greatly benefit my  position to have access to it. I look forward to your visit, and to working  with you in the future. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Visit to Portland - 1/22 
Email : Portland West Desk lawyers have completed the application to become a  participant in the Dow Jones survey at NP-15 and SP-15 delivery points. As  soon as possible, we would like to begin executing deals against these  indices. In order to do this, we will need to access to them through EnPower,  in both Deal Blotter and Deal Entry. If you could facilitate the addition of these two indices into EnPower, we  would appreciate having access to them by Tuesday. Please let me know what  steps we need to take at the West Desk to help complete this process. To the  best of my knowledge, we simply need the ability to choose the Dow Jones  NP-15 or SP-15 index in the PubCode list in Deal Blotter and Deal Entry. We  also need to be assured that when these deals are settled, the correct data  will be pulled into EnPower from Dow Jones. Thank you for your help and cooperation. I will be in touch on Monday.   <Sep> Subject :  Dow Jones Index - West Desk 
Email : I'd like to enroll in the Enron Savings Plan program; however, when I was  navigating through the savings plan website, I started wondering if the  retirement plan and the self-directed brokerage account are the same thing. I  think you probably have some information regarding these plans. Could I  borrow that later this afternoon, or even better, sit down with you for a  minute to clarify which plans I am eligible to enroll in and when? Thanks in  advance for your time. Kate   <Sep> Subject :  Savings Plan v. 401K 
Email : Just wanted to let you know I haven't forgotten you. All our traders and  schedulers have been in a meeting this afternoon, and as soon as they got out  the frenzy of trading and scheduling began again. I'm going to give things a  minute to settle down, and then ask around as to how people would like their  Livelink training. I'll get back to you soon. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Livelink Training in Portland 
Email : Who's ready to rhumba? Crystal Ballroom holds salsa classes on the first  Tuesday of every month. The hour-long class begins at 7p.m., with live music  and dancing afterward. Cost is $8 for the whole evening. The other Tuesdays  of the month have live music and dancing, no class unfortunately. Anyway, I'm  sure it won't take us more than an hour to become master Latin dancers on par  with Ricky Martin and Christina Aguilera. Do you want to try it out? Next class is Feb. 6. Mark your calendars and tell  all your coordinated (and/or good-looking) friends to come along. Kate "Viva bailar"* Symes *Does this mean "live dance" or "dance lives" or "my friend Viva likes the  way you dance" or none of the above?   <Sep> Subject :  Salsa Madness! 
Email : What better time to start thinking about the winter holidays than on  Halloween?! Just a reminder that our happy little office will be hosting a Holiday Party  & Benefit Auction on Saturday, Dec. 2, beginning at 6 p.m. and lasting until  the wee hours of the morning. We hope that everyone will be able to attend,  which is why we're reminding you while the smell of pumpkin-insides and candy  corn is still fresh in the air. We will be holding a benefit raffle and auction again this year, and all  proceeds will once again be matched by Enron Corp. Donations will be divided  between Portland's Raphael House, a shelter for battered women and their  children, and the Court-Appointed Special Advocates, a group that assists  foster children and at-risk youth throughout the court process. But who said charity couldn't be a hoot? There will be a pangea of prizes and  a gaggle of goods for everyone (think Blazer tickets and autographed Blazer  basketballs!). And a BAND! A swing band! It will prove to be the most  fantastic Holiday Party this office has ever had....   <Sep> Subject :  Christmas Party 
Email : I just received this update from our good friend Ryan at the Blazers' office. Thought you guys might like to distribute the news.... Here are the upcoming Blazer specials for a Enron NA employees!   <Sep> Subject :  Blazer Ticket Specials for ENA Employees 
Email : As per your request, here are the names and addresses of people Laura Wente  and I sent maps to today:  Tim Carlberg Avista Corp. 1411 E. Mission P.O. Box 3727 Spokane, WA 99220-3727  Mark Ewbank Herrera Environmental Consultants, Inc. 2200 6th Ave., Suite 601 Seattle, WA 98121-1820  Let me know if you need anything else regarding these mailings. I'm sure I'll  be back there soon to ask for another map! Kate   <Sep> Subject :  Today's mail 
Email : We will be short in Real Time Position Manager both at NP-15 and SP-15 for  1/18/01 until Friday morning. It seems that four deals were entered by EES  under the wrong desk, affecting our position instead of theirs. Following are  the details of where, when, why and by how much we're out. Read this  carefully....  SP-15 - Short 1950.64 MW  Deal #500492 - 67.89 MW short off peak  Deal #500493 - 87.97 MW short on peak  NP-15 - Short 2883.08 MW  Deal #500494 - 102.61 MW short off peak  Deal #500495 - 128.89 MW short on peak  If any one of you has better luck than I have at accessing EES deals in deal  entry, by all means get rid of these. Or if you happen to speak with Suneet  Sharma, our good friend who entered the deals in question, by all means tell  him to do the same. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Real Time Position - Short @ NP & SP 
Email : I've been working with Laura Wente to locate these documents for a couple  days, and I think I've found what you need. If you could call or e-mail with  your fax number, I'll send what I have over to you and expedite the process. If you'd like to peruse the EIS documents online, go to  www.tis.eh.doe.gov/nepa/ and click the heading DOE NEPA Analyses.   <Sep> Subject :  Resource Contingency Program - Hermiston/Chehalis Power Projects 
Email : Following are the prices for fixed sales between EPMI Short Term California  and EES for 1/25. Chris Mallory has turned this task over to me, and I'm  working from my own spreadsheet, which I inadvertently deleted this morning. Please let me know if you'd like a copy of the spreadsheet as well as the  prices each morning, or if the prices are sufficient. NP-15  On Peak - $273.50  Off Peak - $204.43  SP-15  On Peak - $216.53  Off Peak - $189.35  Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  EPMI-EES Sales Fixed Prices 1/25 
Email : I'm working on a phone list for some of the people I work with in the Houston  office - kind of a modified version of ours. But I just noticed that my  information on the floor card has changed since the last printing. Debra said  I should forward the information on to you for use in the next floor card. Here it is:  Ext. 7486 Cell phone 819-2181  And actually, my home phone will change too at the end of this week. I'll  send that along when I get it. I know this isn't pressing information, but I  figured I'd let you know before I forgot. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Floor Card Change 
Email : Here's what I threw together this afternoon. Let me know if there are any  other people in particular you'd like added to the list. Also let me know if  you try any of these extensions and they happen to be wrong (we have a hard  time keeping up with changing numbers too!). Forward this on to anyone you  feel it might be useful to; but please let them know to call me first and  foremost, since I'll probably be the most receptive on the phone. Hope you had a safe trip back home. Again, it was great to meet you and Kim. Talk to you soon, Kate   <Sep> Subject :  ENA Portland Phone List 
Email : Pinnacle West is still working on moving all its operations from Arizona  Public Service Co. to Pinnacle. In the meantime, all TRANSMISSION deals  should still be made using the counterparty name "Arizona Public Service  Company." All other deals are made with "Pinnacle" itself. This should change  sometime in the next month, according to the confirmation group in Houston. Let me know if you have any questions. Kate   <Sep> Subject :  Transmission deals - APS, not Pinnacle 
Email : Happy Monday - or whenever it is that you are blessed with the receipt of  this message. A funny thing happened to me on my way to upload the PX deals  on Friday. I went to process the data and was rudely stopped by an error  message stating the following:  Error establishing lock on Trader ID and Trader Date: Trader Already Locked  (_InboxAC11AC92.913Aoc376A1622250.4)   Interesting, isn't it? So I entered the PX deals manually and went along my  merry way. Just thought you should know.   <Sep> Subject :  Fun with Computers 
Email : I can't believe you're leaving! I hope wherever you go next brings you joy  and fulfillment, but you'll definitely be missed here. Thanks for all your  help. Good luck! Kate   <Sep> Subject :  Bummer! 
Email : Okay - third time's the charm. After cuts were made by the Cal-ISO last  night, I sent you a revised volume schedule of our sales to EES for 1/31;  however, I failed to change the total load at SP-15 to reflect cuts. Now  you'll see the CORRECT revisions made at all delivery points. Let me know if  you have questions. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Correction - Revised EES Prices 1/31 
Email : In all the excitement of the day, I completely forgot to check on this deal. I know I got a call from one of you guys about the "New Counterparty" Diana  Scholtes put in here; but I'm not sure now what I was supposed to check on. Give me a call in the morning and let me know. Sorry! Kate   <Sep> Subject :  509637 
Email : I've added two new swaps to reflect the change from the California PX to the  Dow Jones index after 1/31/01. The following deal numbers cover the whole  term of the deal. 404980 - 9/1/00 through 1/31/01 @ PX NP15 Index 512726 - 2/1/01 through 8/31/03 @ DJ NP15 Peak Index 512743 - 2/1/01 through 8/31/01 @ DJ NP15 Off-Peak Index  Both new deals have comments that link them back to the original deal. Let me  know if you have any questions. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  New Swaps @ Dow Jones Index 
Email : I've changed all the deals I could find that contained the counterparty name  "California Department of Water Resources - CDWR" to "California Energy  Resource Schedulers - State of California." The following deal numbers are  those that have been changed. If you come across other daily deals, most  likely done by EPMI Short Term California or Short Term Northwest, let me  know and I'll change those counterparty names too. 510867/860/857/853/775/774  509540/518/513/511/509/508/504/463/462  Thanks for your help on this. Kate   <Sep> Subject :  CDWR Deals 
Email : Just FYI - The tie point and Cal PX deals we uploaded this morning did in fact load as  Enron Online deals. Oh joy! I talked to Will Smith, who said he thought he'd heard this complaint before  and very cordially agreed to take a look at it. I just thought I'd keep you  informed of the latest episode in what I'm sure will be an award-winning  series. (How about "The Good, the Bad, and the Cal PX Bridge"?) Kate   <Sep> Subject :  The Cal PX Bridge Saga 
Email : I'm sending a copy of the error message I received when I tried to enter our  futures deals today. The application saved one deal, but  would not accept the other two. The only difference between the three deals  is the delivery month. Is there any way we can get this fixed soon? The clearing broker has had a record of these deals since Jan. 31, and the  trader is getting a little antsy to have them recorded in our  system. Thanks so much for your help....  ORA-20500: Unable to translate deal QQ0938.0 into ERMS system. ORA-06512: at "BIG.SP_XINSTR_INS", line 173 ORA-06512: at "BIG.TRG_XINSTR_AI", line 22 ORA-04088: error during execution of trigger 'BIG.TRG_XINSTR_AI'   No changes made to database. Good luck! Kate   <Sep> Subject :  TAGG Error Message 
Email : wussup wichu, brutha? just wanted to let you know i'm done with your book. it  was a superior work of literature, by the way. i highly recommend it. if you  want it back, send a self-addressed stamped box to 2505 NE 32nd Pl.,  Portland, OR 97212. just kidding....gosh! that's the address of my  super-sweet house, by the way. next time you're in town you have to come over  and have a civilized dinner in our DINING ROOM. that's right - we have one. and many other rooms too. it's an all-around great place to be, let me tell  you. gotta go control your energy now. write back. love,   <Sep> Subject :  Yo! 
Email : Here are all of the deal numbers that correspond with today's tie point, Cal  PX, and Cal Imbalance deals. I erased the EOL transaction numbers on the  first four, but I believe they were going in a sequence beginning at 627. Thanks so much for your help on this. 458259 458260         64         65         66 Tie Points         67         69         70  458271         72 PX         73            458276         58 Imbalance   <Sep> Subject :  Cal PX Bridge 
Email : Willie - Per our conversation - the West Power desk needs three new settlement indices  for entering swaps deals in EnPower. The indices are as follows:  Last day settle for MIDC NYMEX contract Last 5-day average for PALO VERDE NYMEX contract Last 5-day average for COB NYMEX contract  Please let me know if you have any questions. The first index is a little  more pressing than the other two - one of our traders did a futures deal a  week ago which we have yet to swap from his book to the one it belongs in. We  can't execute the swap until we have a MIDC settlement index. Thank you so much for your help.   <Sep> Subject :  New EnPower Settlement Indices 
Email : Just for everyone's information - I've entered two buys from Seattle City  Light to negate an earlier sale of power to the company (Deal 317868). The  deals are as follows:  515404 STCA buys SCL 2/8/01-2/28/01 SP-15 Off Peak $115.00  515420 LTCA buys SCL 3/1/01-3/31/01 SP-15 Off Peak $115.00  I'm giving you this disclaimer either because you asked me to enter the deal,  the deal is in your book, or the deal will affect your calc. The volume is  shaped between 1 and 2 MW. Please let me know if you have any questions. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Seattle City Light deals 
Email : Attached are the EPMI-EES sale prices for the first week of February. I will  resume responsibility for maintaining and sending the spreadsheet tomorrow,  and you can expect to receive it daily. Thanks for your patience while we  were working out the kinks on this one. Kate   <Sep> Subject :  EES Sale Prices 2/1-2/7 
Email : Per your request for year-to-date numbers: here's an example of what I could  include in the daily EOL summary. Let me know if this is helpful for you, and  if you'd like it included on the graph sheet. I think it might be too tight  to fit on the page as it is, but there's no reason why we can't generate a  two-page report. As long as we're going in that direction, is ther any other  data you'd like to see in graph form?   <Sep> Subject :  Year-to-Date Deal Summary 
Email : The Dow Jones report is compiled of data sent from many different  counterparties. The lovely people at Dow Jones painstakingly analyze the data  to ensure its accuracy. Averaged together, these prices become the Dow Jones  daily index price. And that's the long and short of it. The process, as you've guessed by now, is a little more complicated than  that. For one thing, Dow Jones looks at each counterparty's sales to reach an  average of all the prices. It would be redundant for each counterparty to  ALSO report their purchases from each other. Therefore, when calculating the  Dow Jones data, we only include purchases from counterparties who ARE NOT  participants in the Dow Jones survey. Following is a simple example:  Participant List  NP-15 Purchases  NP-15 Sales  Reported NP-15 Purchases  Reported NP-15 Sales Sempra  Sempra - $250   Sempra - $250  Avista - $270   Sempra - $250 Duke   Duke - $260   Duke - $260      Duke - $260 Enron   Avista - $270   Avista - $270      Avista - $270  Now that's simple! Following is the participant list for Dow Jones' survey of trading at NP-15  and SP-15 delivery points. Deals with these counterparty names need to be  excluded from the calculation of PURCHASES at NP-15 and SP-15 delivery points. American Electric Power - Amerelecpo Avista Energy - Avistaene Duke Energy Trading and Marketing - Dukeenetra El Paso Merchant Energy Enron Power Marketing, Inc. - EPMI Idaho Power Company - Idacorpene PacifiCorp - PACE Pacific Gas & Electric Company - PG&E Powerex Corp. - PWX Puget Sound Energy, Inc. - PSPL Mirant Americas Energy Marketing (formerly Southern Company Energy Marketing)  - SCEM TransAlta Energy Marketing (US) Inc. - Transalt  So I've probably succeeded in confusing you even more, but please feel free  to come bug me with questions. Good luck! Kate   <Sep> Subject :  Dow Jones Report 
Email : I think I found what you're looking for:  www.ferc.fed.us  Once you get to the home page, click on the "gas" icon. From there, hit the  link to the "FERC Gas Tariffs Page." Then it gives you a choice of viewing  the tariffs in HTML or saving them to a different file. I wasn't quite sure how you wanted to review this information. The website is  updated every 30 days, or so it said, so you may just want to keep it  bookmarked and check it out whenever you need the information. If I totally missed the mark, please let me know and I'll keep looking.   <Sep> Subject :  Gas Tariffs Info. Online 
Email : Thank you all for being so patient with me while I am under Carla's wise  tutelage. Hopefully I'll be up to speed in the next few days, but if you  notice me doing anything insanely wrong, don't hesitate to yell. One thing that has lagged slightly, but will be making a comeback tomorrow,  is the Deal Correction Report. Every afternoon I'll check up on discrepancies  noted by Houston and determine the source of the error. If the source of the  error is you, me, the broker, or the computer gods, it will be noted in the  error report and given to Risk Management to assist them in their daily  calculation. Thanks again,   <Sep> Subject :  Deal Correction Report - Please Read 
Email : Thought I'd mix it up a little and send you a completely unrelated document  yesterday....what fun! Anyway, sorry for the mix-up - I was on autopilot. Here's the updated EES spreadsheet through Sunday, Feb. 18. Call with  questions. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Daily EES Sales 2/16-2/18 
Email : I'm sorry for the delay on this, Tim. I've been in contact with Will Smith in  Houston since yesterday to try to fix the problem of PX, Imbalance, and Tie  Point deals uploading as Enron Online deals. Here are the correct statistics.   <Sep> Subject :  EOL Deal Summary - 11/14 
Email : Please note an addition to the daily EOL summary. Two new tables delineate  each desk's year-to-date trades, in addition to the month-to-date and daily  trade tables usually included in the report. Feel free to let me know if you  find this data helpful, harmful, or not even worthy of note. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Daily EOL Summary 2/16 
Email : FYI - I've entered a new index-forward per Paul Choi into Matt Motley's Long Term  Southwest book. The sale is a replica of deal #501404, except deal term is  March instead of February. All other terms are the same. New deal # is 526973 . Please let me know if you have any questions. Kate   <Sep> Subject :  New Deseret Sale 
Email : I'd like to inquire about the Dow Jones index price database currently being  maintained by the Fundamentals group. It's come to my attention - by virtue  of the fact that I receive the Dow Jones data each afternoon - that several  people are interested in having access to those figures. I've had requests  from mid-marketing, trading, and scheduling, and am working with IT to put  the NP-15 and SP-15 data online. Cara Semperger, in particular, relies on the  index prices in order to run one of her reports. I'm wondering if it  would be possible to give these people access to your  database, or maybe if your group would benefit from the data I receive. Your  spreadsheet looks like a compilation of the documents I receive from Dow  Jones, and one might be more useful for an individual or group than the  other. I don't have a preference either way - I'm more than happy to compile  the reports in a separate folder. Please let me know what works best for you. (I sit in the middle of the room between Tracy Ngo and Val Sabo.) Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Dow Jones Index Prices - Database Access 
Email : I would like to request information and application materials for your  International Studies program in Bologna. I am interested in applying for the  academic year of 2002-03. Thank you,   <Sep> Subject :  Admissions Information 
Email : I would like to request information and application materials for your  advanced studies program in Bologna, Italy, as well as for Master's Degree  study in international relations at Johns Hopkins University. I am interested  in applying for the academic year of 2002-2003, but I'd like to gather all  the necessary information as soon as possible. Thank you,   <Sep> Subject :  Admissions Information 
Email : We'd like to create a daily and monthly trade volume report, similar to the  EOL Report we currently use to track both online and brokered trades done in  the Portland office each day. The EOL JF tab seems to track the same data we  need for a daily volume report; however, it does not display the data in the  form we need. Under the "Sort By" heading at the bottom of the report, there are two  choices - "Deal #" and "Desk." As I run it now, the report displays megawatt  volumes and total deals according to desk. We now need to display the data  according to delivery point. Please call Cara Semperger or myself when you get a moment, and we can fill  you in on all the parameters she's looking for in this report. From there I  think it should be a pretty simple modification of the query. Thanks in advance for your help on this.   <Sep> Subject :  Application Request: Volume Report 
Email : Here are details of the problem we're having with the Tagg IQ Reports:  Three Mid-Columbia futures trades were executed by Matt Motley, Long Term  Southwest Desk, on 2/5, 2/6, and 2/7. Trades pulled into Tagg IQ Reports -  All three pull into Future Daily Transaction Report (RSX0245F.IQR)   Only two pull into Future Net Position Summary (RXSNSUMF.IQR)  All three pull into Tagg Exchange Capture search - transaction IDs are  980362/983837/987050  All three pulled into Tagg Metacalc (Meta ID 77771 - Post ID 1035917 - Post  ID 77880 - Post ID 1037269) until 2/9 - NOW GONE  Because today is the Nymex Electricity Futures exercise date, we need to know  as soon as possible for our calculations whether or not these deals are in  the system, and if not, where they went. My confusion lies in the fact that I  can find these deals when I do a search in Tagg for any futures deals traded  at the Mid-C settlement index, and yet the Risk group can no longer see  anything for Mid-C in their calculation. Please let me know what you find. Thank you,   <Sep> Subject :  Missing Futures Deals 
Email : Just something to keep in mind -  The confirms group in Houston is waiting on signed confirm letters from Grant  County for the following three deals -  432854 420554 420563  I've let Stephanie Piwetz and Sharen Cason know that you'll forward the  letters on to them once you receive them. Or you can give them to me and I'll  fax them over. Keep me posted on the progress. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Confirm Letters - Grant County 
Email : So I watched the news last night and discovered to my utter dismay that the  whole damn city of Seattle began rioting over my pointed absence this  weekend. Some people just don't know how to control those emotions, I guess. How was dinner, anyway? I was actually hoping to come, but I seem to have  misplaced Michael's phone number and so had no way of contacting you guys. Also, I wasn't quite confident in my ability to find your house through  "alternative" methods such as hanging out at the train station or wandering  through Microsoft millionaire-type neighborhoods. And to top it all off, I  lost my voice Friday night - for no apparent reason other than the usual  deficit of sleep and surplus of cigarettes - and wouldn't you know it would  have to turn into a full blown cold by this morning. As can be expected, we're experiencing the most insanely gorgeous weather  I've seen in all my Februarys in Portland, which is making my acceptance of  actually being sick even more difficult. Whatever happened with your fever? I'd feel much better if I knew others were sharing my pain. In fact, I  promptly gave my cold to Amber on Saturday, so I'd have a partner in my time  of homebound misery. She took it a step further, in true drama queen fashion. Case in point - I'm at work, she's rounding out her 39th consecutive hour in  bed. Anyway, I'm going to skip out of here a whopping half an hour EARLY today  because people are starting to look visibly pained when I try to talk. But I  thought I'd check on the success of the dinner party and apologize for not  making it. And if you get a chance, tell Michael that I have a very  legitimate reason for losing his phone number. Or at least, I'll have one by  the time he calls. Kate   <Sep> Subject :  Reeds, and other bendable objects 
Email : I'm so sorry, gals, but I feel awful and I'm going home to nurse myself to  health. If you could direct your e-mails for the remainder of the day to the  respective traders, I would really appreciate it. And if anything can wait  until tomorrow, just e-mail it to me and I'll take care of it in the morning. I'm going to sleep for the next 15 hours and see if that rids me of this cold  once and for all! Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  I'm going home 
Email : I'm feeling pretty under the weather today, so I'm going to sneak out of here  early - but I haven't yet received the Dow Jones data for today. Instead, I'm  sending yesterday's information. If you need today as well, let me know and  I'll send it first thing in the morning. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Dow Jones 2/27 
Email : Sharen told me this morning that you guys were waiting on a deal Stewart  Rosman did with Port of Oakland yesterday and wanted confirmed today. I've  spoken with a few people here and discerned that the deal wasn't in because  the counterparty wasn't in the system yet. I took a look and found that Port  of Oakland had been added, and entered the deal according to the terms  Stewart sent out in an e-mail yesterday. Deal number is 533916. Thanks for  waiting. Kate   <Sep> Subject :  Stewart Rosman deal - Port of Oakland 
Email : Here are a few examples of the summary I send out each afternoon. I've sent  four as attached documents and one just pasted into the e-mail. Use whichever  works best for you, and let me know if you need more. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Daily Trade Volumes - Examples 
Email : Beginning tomorrow this report will contain Inter-Continental Exchange (ICE)   trade numbers and volumes, in addition to EOL and brokered deal information. Please look for that information at the beginning of the e-mail. Also note  that the ICE data is released one day later, so it will not correlate  directly to the EOL data below it. (i.e. Daily EOL Summary 3/1 will include  ICE data from 2/28) Enjoy...   <Sep> Subject :  Daily EOL Summary 2/28 
Email : It looks like your Deal Blotter settings may be defaulting to PST time zone. But these April deals need to flow during the PDT time zone. Could you check  your settings and make sure the time zone defaults to PPT (that way the  strips will choose PST or PDT accordingly)? Two additional deals were changed to the correct time zone: 534074 534072 534071 534053  Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Deals with Time Zones Amended 
Email : ICE VOLUMES   Delivery Pt. Mid-C  NP-15  Palo  Palo  Palo  SP-15  SP-15 Energy Type  Firm On Peak Firm On Peak Firm On Peak Firm On Peak Firm On Peak  Firm On Peak Firm On Peak Term   Apr-01  Q3-01  Next Day Apr-01  May-01  Next Day Apr-01 Avg. Price  297.50  295.00  242.50  242.50  255.00  244.00  240.00 Total Volume   10,000 MWhs 30.400 MWhs 1.600 MWhs 30,000 MWhs 10.400 MWhs  1,600 MWhs 10,000 MWhs   <Sep> Subject :  Daily EOL Summary 3/1 
Email : Would you let me know when you might have a minute today, or sometime this  week, to go over the EES spreadsheet with me? I want to understand how the  Real Time group uses this data so I can depict it more accurately and avoid  making errors. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  EES Spreadsheet Tutorial 
Email : Please note slight changes in volumes at SP-15 on 2/5 and 2/22. Cuts were  made to generation on these days, and deals were changed in EnPower, but this  spreadsheet was not updated. Sorry for the delay....  Kate   <Sep> Subject :  Revised EES Spreadsheet - 2/5 & 2/22 
Email : ICE VOLUMES   Energy  Firm Load Peak  Firm Load Peak  Firm Load Peak  Firm Load Peak  Delivery Pt. Mid-C   Palo Verde  SP-15   COB  Term  Apr-01   Apr-01   Next Day  Apr-01  Avg. Price 303.00   257.00   340.00   310.00  Total MW 10,000 MWhs  10,000 MWhs  1,200 MWhs  10,000 MWhs   <Sep> Subject :  Daily EOL Summary 3/5 
Email : I've got one more deal that Houston says they haven't received a signed  confirm letter for - 420529. Stephanie Piwetz says she spoke to Grant County  and they said they already sent out that one and 432854, but haven't received  them back from us......???? Do you know where they are? Kate   (From 2/26/01) Just something to keep in mind -  The confirms group in Houston is waiting on signed confirm letters from Grant  County for the following three deals -  432854 420554 420563  I've let Stephanie Piwetz and Sharen Cason know that you'll forward the  letters on to them once you receive them. Or you can give them to me and I'll  fax them over. Keep me posted on the progress. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Confirm Letters - Grant County 
Email : Please note:  Prices were not updated in last night's spreadsheet. Correct prices are in  3/6 worksheet now. Also, per Daniel Kang, EES load is shown in negative  numbers, Dow Jones and fixed price sales are shown in positive numbers. Please call with questions. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Updated EES Sales 3/6 
Email : Re: Deal discrepancies for the month of February. Following are the problems  that have been brought to my attention and the solutions we've reached. Please call me with questions. This spreadsheet includes a missing purchase for total of 55 mw @ 195.00 on  2/25. Sorry for the confusion - per Bill Williams III. This spreadsheet includes modified volumes in the fixed price sale at ZP-26  on 2/6. In addition, deal 525625.2 has been corrected in scheduling (there was one  strip duplicating HE 8) and autoscheduled. Deal 529314.1 has also been  autoscheduled, which should remedy the discrepancy on 2/24, HE 7-17. Please  let me know if the new CARP report does not reflect this. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  EPMI/EES Sale Discrepancies - Feb 
Email : ICE VOLUMES  Delivery Pt. Mid-C  Palo  Palo  Palo  Palo  SP-15 Term   Apr-01  Apr-01  May-01  Q2-01  Q4-02  Bal Month Avg. Price  288.00  252.00  275.00  285.00  100.00  246.00 Total MW  10,000   20,000  10,400  30,800  30,800  8,400   <Sep> Subject :  Daily EOL/ICE Summary 3/6 
Email : I will be attending an Energy Math training session today from 9 a.m. to 5  p.m. PST. Please direct all correspondence to traders whose deals are in  question. I'm sorry for the inconvenience - but hopefully I'll be smarter  when I come back! I'll check in and wrap things up at 5:00, so if you have any questions you'd  like to save for me, I'll be at my desk then. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Kate Out Today 
Email : Following are the deals we've changed -  536574 - from Firm to Caiso energy 537885/886/888/889/890 - from Yes to No confirm  And I'm looking into the status of the price on 538874. I'll let you know. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Changed deals 
Email : Melissa Murphy would like us to begin adding a note in the comments section  of all the deals we change. I know most of you already do this when you make  big changes to deals, but she'd like to see more comments more often. Of  course this mostly applies to me, but I thought I'd pass it along just in  case. See the attached e-mail, and let me know if you have questions. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Deal Changes - Add Comments 
Email : Fran - It looks like you either made changes or added legs to this deal  today. Do they need to reconfirm this? Please let me know. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  412868 
Email : Questions about this deal -   1. Should energy type be CAISO? 2. Should trade date be 3/7? 3. Should confirmation status be "NO"? I believe the answer to all of these is yes, but I wanted to check before  changing anything. The confirms group is getting extra sensitive about deals  marked for confirmation, since they are now confirming all daily deals. Just  a reminder to double-check your default settings and your deals for the  confirmation status. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  540493 
Email : I'm losing my mind. Did I already forward this note to you? Do you still need  the confirmation information? I can print out whatever they have stored in  Livelink, or you can contact Stephanie - it looks like she has what you were  searching for. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  deal 3689 
Email : I just spoke with Kim Hundl in the Confirms group. She's been told by PGE  that they do not want confirmation letters sent for daily deals. Apparently  there are a bunch of these in the system under your desk that are noted to be  confirmed. The confirms group can change all of these deals to "no confirm,"  but they wanted to double-check with you guys first. Do you agree with PGE,  or would you like these deals confirmed? Let me know. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  PGE Dailies 
Email : Bob - Val was looking into this deal, but now that she's gone I wonder if you could  help me with it. It's a swap that was done on 10/18/99 between LTWM and EES. It's an off-peak deal for 0.2 mw at a price of $23.00 and settlement index of  PX SP-15. There are five legs that each run for one year - Cal'05 through  Cal'09. I understand you've been working on making the switch from PX to Dow Jones  indices. Do you know anything about this deal and whether or not its index  needs to be changed? Please let Melissa or me know. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  PX Index Deal 253768 
Email : Our IT group was able to solve the problem on this deal. It wouldn't save  because the schedule type field was not populating correctly; which was a  little disturbing because this is an EOL deal, and all fields should populate  automatically. Dave Poston thinks he's fixed the problem, so you shouldn't  run into anymore deals that won't save due to blank deal entry fields. If you  do, though, please let Dave or me know and we'll look into it further. You  should now be able to add to the deal clearing tab and save the deal. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  541403 
Email : This is a problem I've been working on with IT. They released a new version  of deal entry, and for some reason certain EOL trades are automatically  populating all of the new fields, including Schedule Type. I've got Dave  Poston working on this, and I'll let you know when we've fixed it so you can  save your part. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  549646 
Email : The Portland West Desk needs two new traders added to EnPower. I believe  you're the correct person to contact for this, but please let me know if I  should talk to somebody else. We'd like to have our mid-marketers enter their  own trades now, and many of them already have the IDs to do that. Two  marketers - Paul Choi and Greg Wolfe - do not. I know that when I took over  the Deal Control position here John Forney contacted you to help me acquire a  trader ID, so I'm hoping you can help me with this task. Thank you,   <Sep> Subject :  New Trader IDs 
Email : Thank you in advance for you help in adding this trader's name to the system:  Add this Power Trader to the EnPower: Paul Choi  Samuel Schott has told me that you would prefer to have the desk this trader  works for, but because Paul is a mid-marketer he works with several different  desks, including Long Term California and Long Term Southwest. Please let me  know if you need more information. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  New Trader IDs 
Email : I suppose my victory in this, our latest but not last competition, would be  IMPLIED. Rather, I mean that my triumph could be INFERRED or even TACIT. My  skill is UNDERSTOOD, my speed INSINUATED, and my nimble pairing of the two is  INTIMATED by the fact that I won this competition. Now, I'll be sadly disappointed if you don't get this e-mail until later  today, being that you have such a confusing and multi-layered e-mail  situation, because I need for you to know that I got the answer first. So for  the record, it is 8:45 a.m. on Monday. A side note: I also have The Great  Gatsby in my possession. Kate   <Sep> Subject :  My superior intelligence and other IMPLICIT truths 
Email : I'd be more than happy to run a test of the new forward obligation report in  order for you to move it to production. I do use the application everyday  when determining the West desk positions in relation to each other, so it's a  report I'm familiar with and also one that may affect me if it's changed. Please let me know if you'd like me to run the report and under what terms. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Forward Ob test run 
Email : I've changed deal 547478 to reflect the correct price - $109.90 off peak and  $174.15 on peak - and made a note in our deal correction report. Please keep  me informed on any discrepancies you run across. I'll be happy to look into  it. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  EES Deal Change 
Email : These deals were entered as flowing all days, and should have just been Mon -  Sat. This was my fault, as I didn't know my computer defaulted to all days. (This has since been fixed!) I've changed them in the system and was told to  let you know so you can re-confirm the deals with just on-peak days. Sorry  about the hassle. I promise I'll get the hang of this soon! Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Changed Deals - 460785, 460858, 460862 
Email : Will -   I've passed your phone number along to Bill Williams, the Real Time group  manager here in Portland. He should be contacting you shortly to discuss  problems with and changes to the Scheduling Activity Report. I've checked  with other groups on the floor and found that the report is only used by Real  Time, and less frequently by groups assisting Real Time, so I believe Bill or  someone in his group could most suitably test the new application. Let me  know if there's anything else I can do, and thanks for all your help today. Kate   <Sep> Subject :  Changes to SAR Report 
Email : Jeff has both sides of both deals in the system correctly. Here are the deal  numbers. 461029 Williams 115.00  461030 EES 114.95  461801 Mieco 115.00  461802 EES 114.95  And Deal #461139 was actually a Short Term Southwest deal done by Tom Alonso  with Williams for the same price on the same days, but with Prebon. Confusion! Hope this fixes it.   <Sep> Subject :  APB Checkout/Jeff Richter Deals 
Email : Details in exchange for this -   I read an article this morning that quoted an ISO market analyst speaking  about the $6.2 billion the system operator would like to recover in charges  since last spring: "We are not saying now that these are overcharges. We are  telling the FERC that we see these as the amounts that we deem 'excessive.'" The lead of the story was this: "The California Independent System  Operator......significantly upped the ante Thursday when it told the Federal  Energy Regulatory Commission that 21 generators and suppliers should refund  the state a stunning $6.2 billion for electricity sold into the state since  last May." First of all, tell me what the difference is between "overcharges" and  "excessive" charges. If there isn't one, give me your opinion on why this  analyst would say such a stupid thing. Second, give me one reason why the  lead is journalistically incorrect, and one why it is gramatically  unattractive. Then you get details. Kate   <Sep> Subject :  Date details 
Email : I have made the following adjustment to our EPMI sales to EES on 3/1 at SP-15. 534313 - existing fixed price forward sale - volumes have been reduced by 18  mw per hour  559314 - new index sale added and backdated (2/28)  to reflect 18 mw off peak  hours 559316 - new index sale added and backdate (2/28) to reflect 18 mw on peak  hours  Please let me know if you have any questions regarding this change. At the  end of last month Short Term California handed responsibility of Dow Jones  index sales over to the Short Term West Services desk; unfortunately the  exact date of change-over was miscommunicated, and the index sale was not  entered for 3/1. However, the total MWh of EPMI's sale to EES should not  change for 3/1. Also, you should see the new volumes reflected in the EES  daily volumes worksheet which I will send later this afternoon. Thanks for your patience,   <Sep> Subject :  EES Deal Changes 3/1 
Email : The attached document contains the EPMI average prices for all delivery  points for Sun., March 25, and Mon., March 26. Please let me know if you have  any problems opening the document or reading it. The worksheet should look  identical to the fax I send each day. An additional worksheet shows a detail  of each deal volume and price. I'm in the habit of excluding the counterparty  names (to save time) because I'm the only one who looks at this sheet  normally; but if you'd like me to start e-mailing instead of faxing the  prices I will begin entering the counterparty names as well. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Dow Jones Index 3-26 
Email : Just wanted to give you an update on my progress so far - I'm changing these  deals in between each of my other daily tasks, and I'm also having a hard  time reading some of the deal numbers. I've made it through the first page  and a bit of the second. I've changed all but four of the deals to "no  confirm." Here are the questions I have on those deals:  1. 552516 - why are we not confirming a City of Riverside deal? Should I ask  Jeff? 2. 553037 - looks like it's already "no confirm"  3. 553666/667/668 - are we not confirming any deals where PGE is the  counterparty? I thought it was just where PGE System was the delivery point? 4. 553926 - this deal is killed. Do we have to change settings on killed  deals as well? Also, if you have a slightly bigger copy of the document you faxed over, or  if you could e-mail it to me, that would save me a lot of guessing time. Thanks for your help!   <Sep> Subject :  Deal Changes - No confirm 
Email : These deals were entered today under STWH desk - Geir and Mark show as the  traders on them, but I have a feeling that's incorrect as I haven't seem them  around this morning. Might let the guys know that when they trade at  California delivery points - NP15, SP15, ZP26 - the energy firmness should be  specified as CAISO firm. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  energy type 
Email : Following are EPMI weighted average trade prices for Tues., March 27. After  discussing this e-mail with my manager, we've decided to only send the  information previously sent via fax. If you have any questions on individual  deals, please don't hesitate to call. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  EPMI Index Prices 3/27 
Email : I am so sorry I slacked on this - I guess I didn't see you around the office  and it just got bumped off the mental "list of things to do." Don't worry -  I've transfered it to a hard copy list now. Enjoy! Kate   <Sep> Subject :  DJ Index Prices 
Email : I have attached a document containing a first draft of the long description for the Nymex HO/IPE Gasoil spread. Please review the document and let me know your thoughts. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Nymex HO/IPE Gasoil spread description 
Email : Mark,  I would appreciate it if you could get back to me as soon as possible on the issue of Enron's continued use of the HPL name on the EOL documents. In my letter of September 27th,  I had requested Enron remedy this situation by October 1st but that has not happened. I'm sure you can appreciate our interest in resolving this matter promptly, so please let me hear from you as soon as possible. Thank you,   <Sep> Subject :  Unauthorized use of Houston Pipe Line Company Name 
Email : I have modified the letter slightly to try and shift the burden of being notified as to internal policy matters back to the counterparty. Let me know if you think this approach works or if you have suggested improvements in the language. Thanks   <Sep> Subject :  Apparent Authority Letter 
Email : All, attached is a redline of Master Netting Agreement against the previous Cook c draft and the proposed Collateral Annex. Please review and provide your comments to me by first thing Tuesday morning. Major issues for resolution:  1. We have determined that we should file on cash collateral in Canada. Peter Keohane is reviewing the forms and processes for such, including how to determine and establish priority with respect to same. Peter will coordinate with Credit concerning the mechanics of accomplishing the filings. 2. Due to the continued concern by some counsel in respect of mutuality issues for setoff and netted settlement (another form of setoff) "aggregate liability clauses" set forth in 3a and 3b have been included for our consideration. We must come to a consensus as to whether this language/concept should/must be included. If the answer is yes, is the language included the best tactic? 3. Mary Perkins is reviewing LC matters with banks to be sure the modified format set forth in this draft is satisfactory. Timing Objective:  Our objective is to provide everyone another draft on Tuesday and finalize on Wednesday. This will require a conference call sometime Monday afternoon. Carol, Rick, David, Peter and Elizabeth please provide Esmeralda Gonzalez, my assistant, at 713 345-7621 with your Monday afternoon availability and she will set a time and advise you. For those of you who had a prior draft of the Collateral Annex, I could not get this redlined for some reason, I apologize. Carol, since I am out Friday will you please call Cadwalader and be sure they received this. Further, will you ask them to review the NY choice of law provision in light of Canada cash collateral issue. Thank you. David and Rick, in your review please give special attention to the calculation mechanisms utilized for the determination of the Collateral Requirement. Esmeralda, after you have determined availability, please send email to Carol, Elizabeth, Rick Antonoff, David Mitchell and Peter Keohane advising of the time (Houston time). We will call other parties and do not need a call in number.   <Sep> Subject :  Master Netting Agreement 
Email : Mark -  Just a few quick notes from yesterday's staff meeting (items you should know about):  Enron Direct - Appears to be really ramping up. Currently using TaletTree and Saliens (sp?) (temp/consulting agencies) for sales personnel to lower end of mkt. Goal by 10/15 to have all commodity/tariff curves in EES database   Looking to also load customer profile information for approx. 22K customers   In sync with Canadian efforts and looking at Toronto as a bigger mkt than Calgary  Beth pointed out Corp. contractual commitment to Ernst & Young of $60MM annually and suggestion to consider them for consulting services. Currently Corp. spend is approx. $40MM annually. Pipeling software products -  Have contract with Luminent for marketing     Enron gets 100% of license fees and continues to own products (including all enhancements)     Luminent gets opportunity to do all integration     Product price is $500,000  Jay indicated Kiodex transaction data fee is up and ready for operation. Waiting for Kiodex to be ready to go live. The Kiodex product will appear as a "Risk Report" button inside of EOL. Mention was made of the "layoffs" in Europe, but Greg indicated it may not be much of an impact on ENW personnel presuming the level of support for existing businesses remains constant. Nothing else in particular was discussed. Tom and I did have an opportunity to speak about some CommodityLogic items subsequent to the staff meeting. His big concern remains the speed with which we are able to produce amendment documents for counterparties, especially in light of the fact that Greg now wants weekly reports on the progress of these amendments - from Tom. I worked with Brent, Bob and Kathryn Cordes yesterday on a possible short term solution that may at least enable the CommodityLogic marketing personnel to put a base amendment form (not to be signed) in front of counterparties. The base amendment form would clearly indicate that additional information was necessary before an agreement was reached. This would be followed up by the actual "guts" of the legal confirm language. Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  Staff Meeting 10/4 
Email : Curricular Review Task Force (CRTF) Report # 9 (October 1, 2001)  The Curriculum Review Task Force held its first meeting for the academic year on August 23, 2001. We reviewed the work done last May to tie up loose ends and to plan the work for the year. During the intensive work sessions in the last week of May, the eight faculty members of the Task Force (including the Chair) had made detailed presentations to our group on eight topics related to the Curriculum Review (Please see my last report for details). It was decided that these members would write a summary of their presentations, including their cited references, and circulate them to the other members of the Task Force. After reviewing these summaries, and remembering the strategic curricular initiatives collectively decided on by our faculty and staff during the Purser-Gans Conference, each Task Force member was asked to come up with five Educational Goals which would guide our future work. Meanwhile, it had been decided in consultation with the Faculty Senate that the Fall Faculty/Staff Conference would focus on the Curricular Review. The Task Force had decided last May that the first two curricular initiatives to be considered are (1) Reinvestment in Pedagogy and (2) Communication Across the Curriculum. These two topics became the key themes for the Faculty/Staff Conference. The Task Force met with the Conference Planning Group on August 20 and it was agreed that the small group discussions will be led by seven Task Force members. The Faculty Conference held on August 23 was very productive in providing valuable input for the work of the Task Force. In a general sense the Conference gave a vote of confidence for the work and approach of the CRTF. We have taken detailed notes of the discussions in the small groups and the plenary session. On September 12th and 19th, the Task Force held intensive work sessions in the Boone House from 5:30 to 9:00 p.m. Each member, as agreed earlier, brought a list of five Educational Goals and after a lengthy discussion we have arrived at six educational goals and a list of operational ends for each of them. These goals focus on the competencies to be developed by our students and the learning outcomes of our academic program. After these are finalized, we will arrange an open meeting to discuss them with our faculty. On September 24, the Task Force met with the Assessment Committee and Dr. Susan Holm, Chair of the MFL department. The Assessment Committee discussed with us its plans and the list of eight Assessment Review Questions prepared by the Committee. Dr. Holm discussed the role of foreign language learning in the liberal arts education, the recent changes in MFL majors/minors/concentration and her department=s plans for further changes. The details of these discussions will be available in our minutes which will be posted in the public folders later this week. To access this folder, please go to Public Folders, All Public Folders, Documents, College, Curricular Review Task Force. We are planning to meet with other departments in the near future. Thanks. Raj Ambrose, Chair Curriculum Review Task Force.   <Sep> Subject :  Curricular Review Task Force Report #9 
Email : I've attached the final copies of all confirms for our Weather products and the T &Cs. The attached include the new confirms for the Snowfall Collar, the CDD Midwest  and CDD Northeast Basket Floors, as well as the most recent version of the Snowfall Option. These are all the weather products for the moment. Please let me know if we need any others. Ed  X58939   <Sep> Subject :  Weather Documents 
Email : Tanya:  EOL is asking for the Chase master to be amended to eliminate the need for confirms on EOL trades. Do we need to meet to determine which Chase master (i.e., Chase or JP Morgan) should be amended (or both)? Do we want to begin the upgrade process? Please call. Also, are you available for the 9:30 Hanover call?   <Sep> Subject :  Chase Master Agreement - "no more confirms" 
Email : Mark:  I'm not sure whether this CP does financial trading. Regardless, I've included the highlighted language that I had circulated with  the Idacorp draft; I think that you were mulling over whether that new language was acceptable. Please let us know your thoughts so that we can finalize the new rider. THANKS! Stacy: Would you like to tackle ONEOK next? Also, please let me know your thoughts on the bold faced language. Janet   <Sep> Subject :  ONEOK EOL Amendment 
Email : Here are the preliminary drafts of the term sheets. The scenario highlights are:  Exchange will host its private label exchange and the central transaction engine and database Exchange will buy the hardware needed for the implementation Exchange will define the scope of the hardware needed for local handheld devices and specialist software Exchange will map and integrate the solution to its back-office systems. Technology provider will provide Exchange with a standardized format data feed to the back-office (we still need to decide how the data format will be defined and who will define it) Technology Provider will provide all the software and consulting needed  for the solution implementation Technology provider will be compensated for his solution  Specialist will receive compensation for managing products Specialist will use commercially best efforts to maintain a defined spread on the product it manages Specialist will have the option to stream price/volume pairs form the system to its own principal platform Specialist will have the option to stream its own markets to the system (rules need to be defined) Specialist will pay no clearing or exchange fees for the products it manages Specialist will have fill participation advantages   <Sep> Subject :  Preliminary drafts of term sheets for project Boss 
Email : All,  Attached is an overview of our progress and next steps - FYI. Our goal remains to be able to participate in the market no later than the end of the year. Thanks for your continued efforts and assistance.   <Sep> Subject :  Ammonia/Urea Update Overview 
Email : Periodically, you will be receiving email notices from Mechelle Atwood requesting response to audit findings for which you were identified as the responsible party. Please complete the required documentation in a timely manner, as closing out the audit issues is critical to wrapping up the audit process for FY2001. If you have any questions, please contact Mechelle directly at ext. 54554. Thanks you for your cooperation and prompt attention to this matter.   <Sep> Subject :  Response to Audit Findings 
Email : Computer & Online Law Section    This is a REMINDER that the November 1, 2001 meeting of the Computer & Online Law Section of the Houston Bar Association is coming up. The presentation will be given by Thomas D. Carmel, Conoco, on Issues in the Creation of Information Security & Analysis Centers (ISACs) and will be held at the Houston Center Club, 1100 Caroline St., Houston, Texas, beginning at 12:00 Noon. The price for the program is $25 for members with reservations; $27 for members at the door; and $30 for non-members. Contact Mark T. Curry at (713) 759-0818 or e-mail him at Mtc@hwallp.com for reservations. We look forward to seeing you there! No Show Penalty:  If you make a reservation, you are expected to pay if you do not cancel by 2:00 p.m. on the Friday before the seminar. The Club bills the Section according to the number of reservations and the Section cannot afford to cover costs of those who neither attend nor timely cancel their reservations. E-Mail Address:  In order for us to update our database, if you have not already done so, please provide your e-mail address to Jana Woelfel at jana.woelfel@strasburger.com.   <Sep> Subject :  Computer & Online Law Section 
Email : TO:  Mark Taylor and Peter Keohane   Further to our telephone conversations of last week, please find enclosed a memorandum confirming our analysis. Please call either myself (403.266.9016) or Keith Chatwin (403.266.9088)  if you have any questions. Regards. G.F. Erickson October 12, 2001   <Sep> Subject :  ENRON ONLINE RE: ENHANCED LIMIT ORDER OPTION 
Email : The following reports have been waiting for your approval for more than 4 days. Please review. Owner: Mark L Greenberg Report Name: Greenberg10/8/01 Days In Mgr. Queue: 6  Owner: Anne C Koehler Report Name: AKoehlerSept01 Days In Mgr. Queue: 4   <Sep> Subject :  Expense Reports Awaiting Your Approval 
Email : Item 1. Please refer to Section 7, particularly 7(b), of the ISDA form reg= arding transfer of receivables and the following setoff language from our s= chedule. (g)=09Setoff. (A) Upon the designation or deemed designation of an Early T= ermination Date the Non-defaulting Party or the non-Affected Party (in eith= er case, "X") may, at its option and in its discretion, setoff, against any=  amounts Owed to the Defaulting Party or Affected Party (in either case, "Y= ") in Dollars or any other currency by X or any Affiliate of X under this A= greement or under any other agreement(s), instrument(s) or undertaking(s), = any amounts Owed in Dollars or any other currency by Y to X or any of X's A= ffiliates (irrespective of place of payment or booking office of the obliga= tion) under this Agreement or under any other agreement(s), instrument(s) o= r undertaking(s). The obligations of Y and X under this Agreement in respe= ct of such amounts shall be deemed satisfied and discharged to the extent o= f any such setoff exercised by X and/or X's Affiliates. X will give Y noti= ce of any setoff effected under this Section as soon as practicable after t= he setoff is effected provided that failure to give such notice shall not a= ffect the validity of the setoff. For purposes of this Section, "Owed" sha= ll mean any amounts owed or otherwise accrued and payable (regardless of wh= ether such amounts have been or could be invoiced) as of the Early Terminat= ion Date. Amounts subject to the setoff permitted in this Section may be converted by=  X into any currency in which any obligation Owed is denominated at the rat= e of exchange at which X, acting in a reasonable manner and in good faith, = would be able to purchase the relevant amount of the currency being convert= ed. If an obligation is unascertained, X may in good faith estimate that o= bligation and setoff in respect of the estimate, subject to the relevant pa= rty accounting to the other when the obligation is ascertained. Nothing in=  this Section shall be effective to create a charge or other security inter= est except as may be provided under applicable law. This setoff provision = shall be without limitation and in addition to any right of setoff, netting= , offset, combination of accounts, counterclaim, lien or other right to whi= ch X or any of X's Affiliates is at any time otherwise entitled (whether by=  operation of law, contract or otherwise). Each of the parties represents = and acknowledges that the rights set forth in this Section are an integral = part of this Agreement between the parties and that without such rights the=  parties would not be willing to enter into Transactions. Each of the part= ies further acknowledges that it is executing this Agreement on behalf of i= tself as principal and, with respect to this Section, as agent on behalf of=  its Affiliates, which Affiliates shall receive the benefits of this Sectio= n and otherwise be bound as if such Affiliates had directly signed this Agr= eement as it relates to this Section. (B) Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in this Agreeme= nt, the Non-defaulting Party or non-Affected Party, as the case may be, sha= ll not be required to pay to the Defaulting Party or Affected Party any amo= unt under Section 6(e) until the Non-defaulting Party or non-Affected Party=  receives confirmation satisfactory to it in its reasonable discretion (whi= ch may include an opinion of its counsel) that all other obligations of any=  kind whatsoever (whether pursuant to Specified Indebtedness as defined her= ein or otherwise) of the Defaulting Party or Affected Party to make any pay= ments to the Non-defaulting Party or non-Affected Party or any of its Affil= iates under this Agreement or under any other agreement(s), instrument(s) o= r undertaking(s), which are Owed as of the Early Termination Date hereof ha= ve been fully and finally satisfied. The following are three areas of questions. A. Should a Counterparty effect an assignment of receivables under Section=  7(b) for a financing to Bank, what is Enron's "priority" position (assumin= g Bank has filed a financing statement)? Is the analysis below correct? 1. Bank takes receivable assignment under contract subject to Enron setoff=  rights because Bank would be held to actual knowledge of the express setof= f right in the contract under which it is taking the receivables.=20  2. Is there any method by which the Bank can prime Enron (assuming Enron h= as made no public filings) without Enron's written consent? =20 B. Assume a master netting agreement is in place. I believe our assignmen= t provisions protect us and are more prohibitive than the ISDA; however, we=  may want to expressly cite assignment of receivables rather than the maste= r agreement and transactions "as security". Please review and advise of an= y particular language you think should be added. =20  C.  Do you have any suggested language that we might add to the form 7(b) p= rovision via our schedule, or is it necessary? For example, adding at the=  end of 7(b), ";provided, any such assignment shall be made expressly subje= ct [and subordinate] to this Agreement, including, without limitation, all = rights of [ENA] under Section 6 and [reference setoff section]." Item 2. Can I get any other comments on the revised draft of master nettin= g agreement?   <Sep> Subject :  Setoff and ISDA Section 7(b) Transfer Provision; Comments on New  Draft of Master Netting 
Email : Tom,  Below is a copy of the Weekly Report from October 8 through October 12, 2001. Please note a few changes from last weeks report. The Potential Revenue Generating transaction count as well as the Potential Revenue from those transactions has changed to reflect new Nom Logic Pricing as discussed last week. An amendment template has been created and will be sent to customers for discussion purposes at the appropriate time in the revisions process. We will monitor customers who have received this template in the upcoming weekly reports. Finally, we have included a new table in the report which reflects our Counterparties Current Trading Agreement Status. This will include a reporting of which companies have ISDA Agreements, ENA Agreements, Counterparty Agreements, or No agreements in place which should give us a more accurate idea of where our hang ups will be in the legal process. If you have any questions, please let me know. Thanks   <Sep> Subject :  Weekly Marketing Report 8-12Oct01.xls 
Email : The following reports have been waiting for your approval for more than 4 days. Please review. Owner: Mark L Greenberg Report Name: Greenberg10/8/01 Days In Mgr. Queue: 7  Owner: Anne C Koehler Report Name: AKoehlerSept01 Days In Mgr. Queue: 5   <Sep> Subject :  Expense Reports Awaiting Your Approval 
Email : Mark  I have an e-mail with an attachment that I cannot forward to you because it is coded in  Lotus notes as Personal and Confidential. It is from  Kim Humbarger and the  Subject line is:   Electronic Signatures on Enron Direct Mass Market Agreements. I presume you just want me to delete the memo and you will get an original from Kim. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  Mail I cannot forward 
Email : Your review and approval of the following product types in the EOL Data manager is needed (for directions on approval, please see steps for approval at the bottom of this e-mail). If you have any questions please call me at ext. 39555 or Chris Walker at ext. 37533    ******** DO NOT APPROVE PRODUCT TYPES BETWEEN THE HOURS OF 6AM - 11AM***********  Lawyer:  John Viverito (Mark, John already approved Long Description) Product Type(s):   US LLDPE Phy US LLDPE Phy Hexene Hou  c/LB US LLDPE Phy  Butene Hou  c/LB  US HDPE Phy US HDPE Phy  Inject8MI Hou   c/LB US HDPE Phy  Inject20MI Hou  c/LB US HDPE Phy  HMW0.04MI Hou   c/LB US PPHP Phy US PP-HP Phy  3MFR Hou   c/LB US PP-HP Phy  17MFR Hou c/LB US PP-HP Phy  Inject20MFRHou c/LB US PP-HP Phy  Inject35MFRHou c/LB  Trader(s):   Alan Engberg  GTC: Enron Petrochemicals Company, Inc., a division of Enron Liquids Fuels, Inc. Description(s):   <Sep> Subject :  PLEASE APPROVE - 3 PLASTIC PRODUCTS - URGENT 
Email : I have now had a chance to review the initial language describing the load index that was being discussed in the flurry of e-mails this morning. My preference would be to keep the language as consistent as possible with the language for the pricing index. Given that the actual hourly load is also posted in the "Actual/Forecast" table from which we derive the pricing index (under the column "Actual AIS Demand"), I would propose that we simply reference that same table and the appropriate column and use the arithmetic average of the actual load for all hours. In doing so, the products will be consistent. I also am not sure that we would then need to have a definition of "Load", as the formula for calculating the "Floating Amount" is made certain without the requirement to define "load". My proposed wording is as follows:  The Floating Amount shall be the arithmetic average of the hourly Alberta Power Pool load for all hours beginning with HE 0100 (12:00 am) and concluding with HE 2400 (12:00 am) in each Delivery Day as published (in final, not forecast, form) by the Power Pool of Alberta in the table entitled "Actual/Forecast" reported for the applicable Delivery Day in the column for "Actual AIS Demand" and in the row(s) for the applicable hours, on the Power Pool of Alberta internet web page currently located at www.powerpool.ab.ca/Market/Reports/ActualForecastReportServlet. "Delivery Day" means a day during the term of the transaction. I assume that it is most appropriate to use an average of the daily loads as opposed to, say, the actual load for each hour or a monthly average. Let me know what your thoughts are regarding this language. Greg Johnston Senior Counsel Enron Canada Corp.   <Sep> Subject :  Alberta Power Pool Load Index 
Email : As you may know, Kathleen Carnahan, our sr. specialist who sits with Ben Jacoby's Asset Development group on 31, will be moving over to Enron South on the 14th of November. She would like to place a five drawer filing cabinet next to the two cabinets (Stuart's files) near the North Stairwell on  38. Any problems with this?   <Sep> Subject :  Filing Cabinet Space 
Email : All,  For the security model, this is a list of privileges that I've come up with. 1. Financial Read/Write 2. Financial Read only 3. Power Read/Write 4. Power Read only 5. Gas Read/Write 6. Gas Read only 7. IM Read/Write 8. IM Read only 9.  Credit Comments Read/Write 10.  Credit Comments Read only 11. Legal Comments Read/Write 12. Legal Comments Read only 13. Confirmation Comments Read/Write 14. Confirmation Comments Read only 15. CP Read/Write 16. Keyword Read/Write  Please let me know if there are other privileges to be included.   <Sep> Subject :  Security Model 
Email : I had a good visit with her on the issues. She advised that she is on a task force to add amendments to the revised 9 in Delaware and thought the group might entertain favorably an exception for master netting agreements from the anti-restriction/assignment receivable issue. She will work on this for us if we want her to. I think we should--at least it would be a start and an example. Do you think there would be great risk in applying Delaware law to the master netting agreements rather than New York? Let's talk. Call me Monday.   <Sep> Subject :  UCC Linda Hayman 
Email : Reminder:  The ENW staff meeting will be held on Thursday, October 25, 12:00 pm, in ECS4075. Assistants, please let me know if your executive will be attending, not attending or participating via teleconference. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  ENW Staff - Please note location change 
Email : Attached, please find the 2001 ISDA Cross-Agreement Bridge, blacklined against the last version you received, dated July 26, 2001. In addition, please find a copy of the Commentary on the Bridge. As many of you know, various working groups prepared amendments to the ISDA Master Agreements to be effected through the use of a 2001 ISDA Master Agreement Protocol. In connection with this effort, the Structural Issues Working Group prepared the Cross-Agreement Bridge. Following meetings of the Strategic Documentation Review Task Force in late July and discussions in August and September, it was felt that the Protocol approach was too complicated, from an operational and logistical perspective, given the nature and the number of the proposed amendments. Accordingly, it was decided that the four euro annexes would be separated from the Protocol and compiled in their own 2001 Euro Protocol. The 2001 Euro Protocol is now available on our website and the adherence period ends on November 30, 2001. Annexes 1 to 9 of the Protocol have been prepared as a Form of Amendment to the ISDA Master Agreements. The Form of Amendment, and the Commentary, will be published on ISDA's website late this week or early next week. Work is scheduled to begin on a new Master Agreement and kick-off meetings to discuss the new draft Master Agreement will be held in London later this year. Details will be announced to the Documentation Committee soon. As for the Bridge, it was felt that we should publish this on our website as well. Accordingly, I have attached the drafts for your review. Please note that the "option to disapply" was deleted in this draft, primarily because the version of the Bridge considered by ISDA's netting counsel in late 2000 did not include such an option. I would be grateful if you could review the attached documents by Friday, November 2. I would like to publish these on our website on Monday, November 5. Please do not hesitate to contact me at 212-332-1203 if you have any questions. Thank you very much for your consideration. Kimberly Summe     - Marked up version.DOC   - Commentary on Cross-Agreement Bridge.DOC   <Sep> Subject :  ISDA Cross Agreement Bridge and Commentary 
Email : Mark,  Per my voice mail, I would be very grateful if you or someone in your department could give this confirmation letter a quick review before lunch. The intent of the deal is that we will pay Deseret a fixed price in exchange for a floating price based on the DJ-PV index. However, if Deseret's plant goes down, then both parties will suspend payments the day following the unit outage, and resume payments once the unit comes back online. If the index turns out to be greater than our fixed payment, we will pay Deseret  50% of the delta between the index and the fixed price. Please call or e-mail with your comments. Thanks so much,   <Sep> Subject :  Deseret Confirm:  Please review 
Email : Attached are the draft ConfirmLogic documents for Entergy Koch for your review. Prior to this going to a wider circulation within Enron for comment I would appreciate any comments or suggestions on the structure and format. There are many definitions in these documents that will need careful review to ensure that the end result is consistent with our practice. Exhibit A needs to be modified so that the Index name is consistent with what will be input into ConfirmLogic. There are also some missing variables in certain of the indexes that will need clarification. Please let me know if you have any questions or comments. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Entergy Koch ConfirmLogic 
Email : Your review and approval of the following product types in the EOL Data manager is needed (for directions on approval, please see steps for approval at the bottom of this e-mail). If you have any questions please call me at ext. 39555 or Chris Walker at ext. 37533    **** DO NOT APPROVE PRODUCT TYPES BETWEEN THE HOURS OF 6AM - 11AM****  Lawyer:  Robert Bruce(Mark, Robert already approved Long Description) Product Type(s):  Full Truck Load Dry Van Cap (2182) Description(s):  A US Physical Full Truckload Dry Van Capacity Transaction with Enron Freight Markets Corp., under which the Seller shall provide and the Buyer shall purchase a fixed quantity of firm freight capacity at the Contract Price, as submitted by Counterparty via the Website. The total Shipment Price shall be the product of the Contract Price multiplied by the Trip Distance subject to possible adjustment for Accessorial and other charges as specified in the General Terms and Conditions. The Trip Distance will be the total number of PC Miler Practical Miles of transport between the five-digit zip codes of the Origin Points and Destination Points. The Payment Date shall be within 30 days of receipt of Seller's invoice and supporting documents. The term of the Transaction shall correspond to the date(s) set forth in the Product description on the Website. This transaction provides Full Truckload Dry Van Capacity from an Origin Point within [Los Angeles, CA], the Origin Zone, to a Destination Point within [Columbus, OH], the Destination Zone. Zip Codes comprising each Origin Zone and Destination Zone are as set forth on the Website. Pickup or delivery outside the Origin Zone or Destination Zone is subject to Out of Route restrictions and surcharges. Transit Time for each Shipment will be 80 hours. Diesel fuel is included in the Contract Price and no surcharge will apply. Cargo limitations may apply. The price is quoted in US Dollars per unit of volume, which will be the Contractual Currency. The unit of measure against which the price is quoted shall be PC Miler Practical Miles of transport and the Contract Quantity shown shall be in number of Shipments per Business Day. Trader(s):   Matthew Arnold  GTC:   <Sep> Subject :  Product Type - Please approve 
Email : Dear Alumni,  ZBT's main focus for this school year is to reconnect with our alumni. We will be e-mailing you periodically about events you might be interested in attending throughout the school year. If you know of any other alumni who aren't receiving our e-mails, conatct us and we'll add their names to our e-mail data base. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  ZBT ALUMNI 
Email : Tom,  Here is a quick update of the Weekly Report  User Status Last week we had 5 production users, 4 guest users, and 2 new guest user IDs were submitted. We are currently 190% of our Goal in terms of Potential Revenue Generating Transactions. Website Visits CommodityLogic website visits were down slightly on Wednesday Oct 24 and Thursday Oct 25 from the previous Wed and Thurs. However, Website visits were slightly higher than average on Friday Oct 23. Marketing Status We had 6 meetings last week with Calpine, Cargill, AEP, El Paso, and Allegheny. There are currently no meetings scheduled for this week. Our next meeting is Nov 7 with Bridgeline. Legal Status No Change  Below is a copy of the Report. Please let me know if you have any questions. Thanks   <Sep> Subject :  Weekly Report 
Email : Hi Mark,  I'm fairly flexible on my housing so let me know if there would be a closer place to stay in relationship to our dinner spot. I'm thinking of staying out by Hobby Airport just off of 45. I should finish my meeting with Bill Winslade (out in Friendswood) around 5:30 and be ready to meet you for dinner. I can drive into the city if you would like. The next morning I will travel to the Petroleum club to meet Bob Ardell for a early lunch and then fly to Dallas for visits. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Greetings 
Email : I have enjoyed my years working with all of you. Hopefully, our paths will continue to cross in the future. Since our days may be numbered, below is my personal contact info. Best of luck in the future.   <Sep> Subject :  Contact Info 
Email : Curriculum Review Task Force  Report # 11 (December 4, 2001)  The draft educational goals were reviewed in a "committee of the whole" discussion at the November faculty meeting. Several good suggestions were made during the nearly one-hour discussion. The current secretary of the task force, Ms. Susan Dagit, took extensive notes of this discussion. In addition, two faculty members provided some written comments after the meeting. The task force is currently working on the revision of the educational goals based on the suggestions made by the faculty. The task force has also been planning for a while the work to be done after the educational goals are finalized. The November 26 meeting was fully devoted to this discussion. The following steps are envisaged at this time:  1. To examine carefully the current academic program on the basis of the educational goals. 2. To keep on the table the curricular initiatives which came out of the Purser-Gans conference and the intensive summer work. 3. To develop a four-year matrix for a well-planned integrated curriculum based on items 1 and 2 above. 4. To continue deliberations on calendar, organizational structure, workload and other issues which have a direct bearing on the curriculum. Full details of these discussions are available in the detailed minutes posted in the public folders. To access them, please go to Public Folders, All Public Folders, Documents, College, Curriculum Review Task Force. Raj Ambrose Chair   <Sep> Subject :  Monmouth College CRTF Report #11 
Email : Notice No. MS-80 December 19, 2001  COMMODITY EXCHANGE, INC.  SWITCH OF GUARANTEE   Please be advised that effective with the open of business, December 18, 2001, Brian Beatty (BEA-7611) will no longer be guaranteed by F.C. Stone, L.L.C. However, Mr. Beatty will remain a member guaranteed by Spear, Leeds, & Kellogg. In connection therewith, notification of any claims against the aforementioned individual arising out of transactions executed on the Exchange up to the close of business on December 17, 2001, must be submitted to the Corporate Secretary's Office within (10) days of this notice.   <Sep> Subject :  (MS-80) SWITCH OF GUARANTEE 
Email : Notice No. MS-81 December 19, 2001  COMMODITY EXCHANGE, INC.  SWITCH OF GUARANTEE  Please be advised that effective with the open of business, December 18, 2001, John Santoro (TORO-6244) will no longer be guaranteed by Man International, Inc. However, Mr. Santoro will remain a member guaranteed by Spear, Leeds, & Kellogg. In connection therewith, notification of any claims against the aforementioned individual arising out of transactions executed on the Exchange up to the close of business on December 17, 2001, must be submitted to the Corporate Secretary's Office within (10) days of this notice.   <Sep> Subject :  (MS-81) SWITCH OF GUARANTEE 
Email : Mark -  I received your message and agree that this is probably a better way to communicate. I spoke to Tom this morning. There is an industry hub meeting next week - with limited attendance. While continuing to promote the neutrality of the CL hub, Tom would also like to move this industry issue forward by possibly promoting the sale of interests in the CL hub. I asked whether or not the hub can be separated from the base CL product (e.g., the general infrastructure and individual modules) and Tom responded that it is quite possible to separate the hub (and its support mechanisms - including the data base information) from the CL product. I suggested that we may want to consider separating the hub from the product (by formation of a different legal entity), but would imagine that we would need tax and other approvals. Tom would like assistance in the following areas:   1. General overview of the antitrust arena he would be dealing in. I provided this consistent with my current understanding of antitrust matters in the e-commerce world (as confirmed by Ken Reisler at SC by previous discussions)  2. General overview of the vehicles that could be used to form the hub organization (e.g., profit vs. non-profit companies, LLC's vs. other corporate forms, alliance/joint ventures). While I have some background in a lot of these type of organizations, I do not have any experience with non-profit entities. Should I get someone at V&E or Sullivan & Cromwell to assist or is there anyone internal you could suggest? V&E may be a better choice here only because of the probability that all potential owners are located in Houston. 3. General issues relating to confidentiality of discussions between potential hub owners. While there is currently an NDA in place with a number of companies in relation to these discussions, Tom really sees only a handful being serious players. Accordingly, it is possible Tom may want to spearhead conversations with only those few and possible move a project forward on a faster track. The questions that have been raised are in relation to the manner in which these discussions should take place and how (if at all) they should be documented. While I suggested that they should be under a secondary NDA and probably based upon some form of LOI or other intention memorandum, I believe we should get a clear indication of how to move forward so that we can ensure confidentiality, neutrality and avoidance of any future claims or concerns (e.g., antitrust concerns). Is V&E the choice here also or should we talk to Sullivan personnel? Tom will need some of this information for his meeting on Thursday. Since I will be out of the office on Tuesday and Wednesday next week, I wanted to get the ball rolling this week. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  CommodityLogic 
Email : Here are revised templates for the adoption by ERMT of the Power and Gas Masters. Note that adopted gas masters should provide for two-way payments. Please provide any comments to these templates to Steve as soon as possible, particularly with respect to the new paragraphs 3 and 4.   <Sep> Subject :  ERMT Templates Power and Gas 
Email : As you both know, we are working on the launch of Phase III of EnronOnline. Since we will be making changes to the website we are currently reviewing all content online. This is an opportune time to make any necessary changes. I have attached the Legal and Privacy section for your review. If you have any questions, please give me a call. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  EnronOnline Phase III 
Email : Mark:  I'll call shortly. (1)  We settle daily with Chase (primarily Chase London and secondarily with Chase NY) on the FX side and often on the IR side. We also have NYMEX settlements. We ran a report for Sept. 11 which I'll email to you and this report reflects payments owed by ENA to Chase. We are currently updating the report for Sept. 12 and nearby settlements. (2)  The Chase master (Interest Rate and Currency Exchange Agreement) is old but the amendment (4/5/94) with commodity market disruption language is our standard. (3)  The NYMEX web page of 9/12/01 indicated that the exchange would clear trades from the 9/11/01 NUMEX Access session against 9/10/01 settlement prices. I haven't checked today. (4)  The Chase master   <Sep> Subject :  The Chase Manhattan Bank and Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of NY 
Email : PLEASE NOTE THE NEW CALL-IN PHONE NUMBERS AND NEW ROOM NUMBER IN NEW YORK. THE AGENDA IS ALSO LISTED. THANK YOU     International Swaps and Derivatives Association North American Energy and Developing Products Committee  Video Conference Meeting  Friday, November 2, 2001 11:00 a.m. - 12:30 p.m. (New York) 10:00 a.m. - 11:30 a.m. (Houston)  Goldman Sachs New York - 32 Old Slip (near South & Front Streets) - 23rd Floor, Room 23A Houston - 1000 Louisiana Street, Suite 550, Room 5G   <Sep> Subject :  North American Energy and Developing Products Committee Agenda &   NEW MEETING DETAILS 
Email : ENA received a letter 10/30/01 stating that Man would begin margining on a risk-weighted basis rather than using the NYMEX SPAN calculation. This is prohibited under our futures agreement. Man has not formally called for additional margin (which they have the right to do) but rather is withholding about $25M based upon a misunderstanding between traders about moving option positions (I'm not entirely clear about the circumstances). Man has never claimed that the $25M was "additional margin". ENA faxed a letter this morning to Man demanding the return of margin in excess of the SPAN calculation, basically a response to the letter. ENA acounting does not have the software to execute SPAN calculations. A recommendation to purchase the software was made by Sarah Wesner (who then reported to Joe Deffner) to accounting last year. I understand that John Arnold intends to move most positions (including options) from Man to Paribas. However, this information changes frequently. Joe Deffner signed the letter and a copy was delivered to Louise Kitchen. Let me know if you need further information.   <Sep> Subject :  Man Financial:  margin calculation 
Email : I am attaching a structure chart showing what we think would be the best alternative for the swapco transaction (if necessary). This structure would require ESVL Corp. to obtain a FERC Power Marketing Certificate and would be the actual operating entity. We are also indifferent if instead of the corporation we use another LLC as the operating company below ERMT LLC. Let me know when you will be available this afternoon to discuss the attached and the required documentation. It is in Visio format, so if you can't open it, let me know and I can fax it to you if you give me a confidential fax number. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  swapco structure 
Email : Steve - in order to draft the contribution agreement for RMT to transfer the ETP partnership interests to swapco, we will need to review the partnership agreements (1) for required consents, etc. and (2) to schedule the interests in the agreement. Do you have copies of the appropriate partnership agreements and, if not, do you know from whom we could get them? Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Swapco Transfers 
Email : Jeff and Deb,  Please use the attached form of Adoption agreement when dealing with Gas Masters; it adds a missing "of" in Section 4 and it Triangularizes the Set Off provision, which we think will ultimately be a positive feature in "selling" the form to a counterparty. . . especially a counterparty who already has a power and/or financial master in place with ENA/EPMI. Please let me know if you have any questions regarding the attached. Steve   <Sep> Subject :  Final Form of Adoption Agreement for Gas 
Email : Attached please find the documents relating to the Swapco structure. We are still working on the employee assignments pending our review of form employment agreements tomorrow. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Swapco Documents 
Email : Dear Mike and John,  Not sure to which of you I should have addressed this email since you are both listed as doing liquid fuels. If I am wrong and it is neither of you would be really grateful if you could pass this email to the right EGM lawyer ASAP (with a copy to me so I know with whom to follow up). I am attaching a number of documents. (i) The first is an internal memo re two new products Enron Japan wants to put on EOL. The Enron CP will be ENA which is why I need your help before going to Mark. The memo describes the product generally and how it will work (and sets out the background as to why EJ is pushing this initiative). This is FYI only. (ii) & (iii) These are the draft product descriptions and GTCs and we need ENA legal sign off re same. If you are happy with these then I will pass to Mark Taylor for final approval. If you have any questions, please let me know. We are hoping to get this approved by Wednesday Tokyo time so if this needs to be passed on, I would be grateful if you could do this today (your time). RE product Descriptions - in addition to those changes which were needed to reflect the fact that the products are in yen and KL (and not in USD and Barrels) , we have used upper case for Business Days (because it is defined in the GTCs and the definition is important because it will not refer to Japanese holidays) and I have incorporated a new definition "the relevant Scheduled Trading Date" so that in accordance with what I understand to be standard EOL procedure, the top half of the product description can be the same for both products (despite the fact that the currency exchange will be done 3 days after a different date in the case of the two definitions) and only the bottom half will need to change. I have actually only made one small change to the GTCs, to provide for kiloliters in the rounding off clause. I assume that given that NY law will apply, that we don't usually amend the arbitration clause in the case of products likely to be purchased by non-US counter parties. I am less sure about the events of default clause. The language seems pretty short and generic so I suspect that we probably don't put CP jurisdiction specific events in but please confirm. *********************  Please leave me a message or send me an email if you want me to call you Monday evening your time. Thanks very much for your help..   <Sep> Subject :  EOL - new Product - JPY / KL WTI Swap 
Email : Thank you for your e-mail and phone call! We received both and were really sorry not to be here when you called. I guess we were both at work. When we were watching this tragedy on TV Tuesday, we couldn't remember exactly when you were coming home, so called your office. Holly called us back to say that you were due back Wednesday. That was a relief because we knew you weren't in the air on Tuesday. It just dawned on me this morning that your e-mail was from you usual address so you could probably receive mail in London at that address as well as send. Tim called about 10:45 Tuesday morning to say that they weren't allowing anyone to leave his base so he was stuck there for awhile but Sharon was OK and going home. Either his information was erroneous or the base was opened not long thereafter because he was also allowed to leave and both were home by early afternoon. I was concerned about how long it would take Sharon to drive home because 20 years ago when I was driving home during a storm and all the government offices were closing, it was a zoo. It turned out that Sharon drove right along the river and up Rock Creek Park with hardly any traffic since the streets between hers along the river and the rest of the city were already closed so no streets were emptying into hers. Tim Bunce was in the air on his way to California. They brought his flight down in Dallas and he was planning to drive home from Dallas. Someone at my office told me yesterday that her brother was stuck in Houston and was driving back to Cincinnati! Nick's sixth grade class in Wyoming was told about the situation. I don't know if they let them watch the TV. Janet was oblivious--out doing   <Sep> Subject :  I'm in London 
Email : Curriculum Review Task Force (CRTF) Report # 10 (November 5, 2001)   October was a very busy and productive month for the Curriculum Review Task Force. We had intensive three-hour meetings on October 3 and 9 which were followed by routine meetings on October 22 and 29. On the 18th, three CRTF members (George Arnold, Craig Watson, and Raj Ambrose) participated in a meeting of the Academic Affairs Committee of the Trustees which was devoted entirely to the Curriculum Review. As explained in my last report, the CRTF obtained unanimous agreement on the five Educational Goals: A. Critical Thinking, B. Communication, C. Values, Inquiry, and Exploration, D. Variety of Human Experience, and E. Depth of Knowledge and Integration of Learning with an addendum on Wellness/Health Co-curriculum. The Task Force then used an intensive work session to brain storm on the operational ends of these goals. Further discussion and some pruning led to 4 or 5 operational ends for each goal. Two members of the Task Force wrote the descriptive statements for each goal and its operational ends. These were then reviewed by the full Task Force and with another member contributing the preamble, the draft statement on Educational Goals (copy attached) was ready for presentation to the faculty. At the request of the CRTF, the Faculty Senate reviewed these educational goals and decided to send them for a ACommittee of the Whole@ discussion at the ensuing faculty meeting. We would like to point out that the CRTF looked at several models from other schools in preparing the Educational Goals. Some of these schools are very similar to Monmouth College. The ten trustees who were present at the Academic Affairs Committee meeting had a preview of the draft educational goals. The trustees received them very well and made some valuable suggestions. The CRTF has spent considerable time discussing how these goals can be achieved through a well-planned, four-year, integrated curriculum. The work-load, calendar, departmental structure, general education models, and available resources are some of the major issues that are being considered in relation to the achievement of these educational goals. Dr. Tom Sienkewicz brought to our attention that Dr. Gregory Dougherty, who gave the recent Bernice L. Fox Classics Lecture, is a member of the Curriculum Review Task Force at Randolph Macon College which is also in the midst of a major Curricular Review. As part of this process, they had studied the Educational Programs of about half a dozen colleges which are similar to Randolph Macon and our college happened to be one of them. We invited Dr. Dougherty to the meeting of our Task Force on October 29 and had a very fruitful discussion with him. Of particular interest to us is Randolph Macon=s new first year program which uses a three-course sequence of ALearning Communities@ developed and taught by all their faculty taking turns. We decided to keep in touch. Raj Ambrose, Chair. Draft Educational Goals  The AEducational Goals@ listed and briefly described below represent consensus of the Curriculum Review Task Force about intended outcomes and experiences of the academic program that should guide review and revision of the Monmouth College curriculum, especially with reference to Areinvesting in pedagogy@ and re-imagining design to enhance student learning. We are confident that this list summarizes educational goals central to the liberal arts philosophy of higher education. We also understand that these educational goals affirm and clarify  elements of the Mission Statement of the college and those Apurposes@ derived from the Mission that directly address the academic program. Having spent considerable time articulating these goals, we are keenly aware that agreement about the language we use to describe them is both important for subsequent stages in the review process and achievable only through discussion and mutual compromise. Our aim then in the ACommittee of the Whole@ discussion upcoming at the November 4th Faculty meeting is to present this statement for your review, explain what we mean by the language we have used, listen to your responses, and, if necessary, make changes. What will we do if and when we win your agreement to this or a revised version of AEducational Goals@? 1. We will decide questions we have already begun to discuss: AGiven these goals, how best may we enable students to achieve them in four years of undergraduate education? Specifically, does our present array and structure of disciplines optimally promote achievement? Our calendar? Our workload? Our general education program? Our pedagogical approaches in classroom settings? Our extra-curricular, curricular programming (residence education, internships, off-campus opportunities, etc.) ? 2. In light of this critique (which in the coming months will itself sponsor more frequent  discussions of possible proposals for change in calendar, workload, General Education, etc. ), we will attempt to map and model then four years of undergraduate education ideally designed to achieve our educational goals. In this phase of the process especially, we will involve faculty as researchers, resources, and planners to a) understand our student clientele and their typical cognitive development; b) revise our current curriculum; and c) enhance pedagogy and clarify assessment strategies pertinent to our educational goals. With approval of AEducational Goals@ we imagine spending the next five to seven months on stages 1 and 2, with the understanding that it may be possible to pass new initiatives and proposals for revision incrementally along the way. Furthermore, given the scope of our Areview,@ it may well be necessary to imagine a multi-year schedule of planning and phased implementation that extends well beyond the term of the current task force=s assignment. It should be noted that competencies like critical thinking and rhetoric, though presented conceptually as separate entities under different goals, will actually be interwoven throughout the curriculum and work interactively with other competencies and goals. A. Critical Thinking Critical thinking is an acquired intellectual process through which students are able to analyze carefully and critically all ideas and information by distinguishing fact from fallacy, questioning assumptions, synthesizing knowledge, and arriving at logical conclusions. <Sep> Subject :  Curricular Review Task Force Report #10 & Draft Educational Goals 
Email : Your review and approval of the following product type in the EOL Data mana= ger is needed (for directions on approval, please see steps for approval at=  the bottom of this e-mail). Please do not approve before 11 A.M.   CAN Gas Phy Fwd Firm East Spd < or =3D 1Mo=09(2193)  Can Gas Phy Spd  Dawn vs Niagara   Nov01           USD/MM  A Canadian Gas Spread Transaction which is entered into as two physical Tra= nsactions with Enron North America Corp. under which either (A) for the cas= e in which Counterparty submits an offer to buy the Spread from Enron, Coun= terparty shall sell the First Transaction and buy the Second Transaction wh= ile Enron shall buy the First Transaction and sell the Second Transaction, = each in respect to a quantity of natural gas equal to the Daily Contract Qu= antity at the Contract Price on a firm basis; or (B) for the case in which = Counterparty submits an offer to sell the Spread to Enron, Counterparty sha= ll buy the First Transaction and sell the Second Transaction while Enron sh= all sell the First Transaction and buy the Second Transaction, each in resp= ect to a quantity of natural gas equal to the Daily Contract Quantity at th= e Contract Price on a firm basis. The Contract Price for the First Transact= ion will be the midpoint of the bid and offer price(s) on the Website for t= he first product listed in the short description at the time of the Transac= tion if both the bid and offer prices are then available or the available p= rice if only one of such prices is then available. The Contract Price for = the Second Transaction will be the Contract Price for the First Transaction= , modified by the price submitted by the Counterparty on the Website. The transaction is from the Effective Date to the Termination Date. The Eff= ective Date is 01 Nov 2001. The Termination Date is 30 Nov 2001. The First Transaction is for delivery at Union Gas - Dawn, Ontario. The Se= cond Transaction is for delivery to Transcanada Pipelines at Niagara. The price is quoted in US Dollars per unit of volume, which will be the Con= tractual Currency. The unit of measure against which the price is quoted shall be millions of = British thermal units and the quantity shown shall be in millions of BTUs p= er day. =20  STEPS FOR APPROVAL:  click the =09START button=20 select =09PROGRAMS select =09TEST APPLICATIONS select=09ENRONONLINE CLUSTER(PROD) =09PROCEED WITH USUAL LOGIN/PASSWORD=20 click the=09Enron Online Production Cluster "START" button =20 select=09EnronOnLine (this is the EOL Datamanager) =09PROCEED WITH EOL LOGIN/PASSWORD click on the "+" for EnronOnLine click on the "+" for Product Types click on the "+" for "Awaiting Approval" (OR  "Partially Approved") select the product requiring review as stated in e-mail above Right "mouse" click on "properties" to view product set-up=20 TO APPROVE:  Right mouse click on "Approved"  CW 3-7533   <Sep> Subject :  Product Type approval - (CAN Gas Phy Fwd Firm East Spd < or = 1Mo) 
Email : Attached is a power point I used for next Tuesday's PLI presentation. In addition to my own input, I borrowed from Ken's outline and Mark's powerpoint from last year - and so I thought I'd give us all credit on page 1. Please feel free to make any changes or additions as you feel appropriate. I will be out of the office on Friday and Monday, and so if you wish to discuss the presentation with me beforehand, it will be best if we speak by Thursday. Bill. - PLI 2001 Energy.ppt   <Sep> Subject :  PLI Conference - Powerpoint 
Email : Mary,  I have been working on a clearing initiative for EnronOnline in the past two months. Under the current structure Enron would give its counterparties an option to clear the transactions though VMAC at a fee on a trade to trade basis, so that the trades are guaranteed by a credit wrap up supplied by a third party insurance company (FSA). Please see the appended document for a description of the clearing solution. I am aware from information from the credit group and the global finance group about the "master netting initiative" that you are leading. I would like to seat with you to discuss where our initiatives might overlap each other and where they might complement each other. Appended are the documents that describe the initiative at a high level.   <Sep> Subject :  Clearing initiative 
Email : Mark,  I have attached a document which contains the long descriptions for Canadian Daily Nat Gas options. The trader will be using Options Manager on these products and because he has to choose an exercise date, he will choose a middle of the month business day. However, there will be an option per day during the term. Please review the descriptions the trader put together and let me know your thoughts. Kevin Meredith   <Sep> Subject :  Canada Gas options 
Email : Hello:   I am working with  a group of lawyers organized by the Bar Association of the City of New York to help identify emergency funding sources for small businesses affected by the World Trade Center attack. The idea is to help them secure short term loans and/or grants so that they can stay in business during this difficult period. I am able to investigate the various sources of government funding (SBA, FEMA)  but need your help with finding sources of private money such as foundations, corporate funds, the September 11th Fund (?). My goal is to compile a list of available resources for use during counseling sessions with business owners. There are teams of other lawyers from various firms who have agreed to represent small business owners, on a pro bono basis, in their effort to complete  paperwork and deal with a staggering array of other legal matters including insurance, tax, real estate, employment and immigration issues. You all share the dubious distinction of being in my rolodex and being perceived (by me at least) as having the right kind of contacts to help me find people and organizations to call. My thought is that you or your colleagues and friends may be affiliated with a foundation, firm or corporation that has somehow raised money or made money available for this purpose. Feel free to call me with information at 646-428-1814 or email me. Also feel free to pass this message on to any others who could help. Thanks, Bill McGovern.   <Sep> Subject :  Any ideas?? 
Email : Mark, You have been in mind for days, longer in fact. Every time I read about Enron I think of you, and life has been scattered so I have not been able to write. Since the news now seems to be that your company is being bought by another, it must be chaotic for you. Let me know how you are and what is happening. No doubt you will survive the mess, but hope it is not taking too much out of you. We are slowly getting back to normal, and every trip out of NY it great as I am very tired of police check points and ID's. Our building is livable now for about a month, but still behind a barricade. My mother has been in and out of hospital, and so that has kept me stressed. I sold a house in KW in late Sept, so came down then for the closing. Hated going back to NY as we were still living in a hotel then.... I am in KW now, much enjoying being able to work here but missing Don. Back to NY next week, then here again end of month. Planning a new addition on the house, which is trying. The little house next door is coming up for rent as of Dec 1, in case you are interested, and I have decided to only rent it to a single guy...Maybe you need a little winter getaway?? All best, Hal   <Sep> Subject :  How are you ? 
Email : Mark   All work on the application for a power marketing certificate has stopped and we have not asked that changes be made to reflect the merger agreement with Dynegy. This would involve a considerable amount of work and a further analysis as to market power being prepared. If and when it is required we can instruct that the work be performed. I have advised our gas pipelines regulatory compliance group (Frazier King) as to the filing which may need to be made in the event that the application is made by ERMT Corp. There is no further action required on this, provided that ERMT Corp. remains the name of the entity. If you are considering a name change please advise as soon as is practicable in order that this can be addressed. The share transfer forms transferring the shares in Clinton to Enron Corp. have been executed, effective 30 October 2001. These need to be initialed and transfer accepted by the President of Enron Corp. I am sending these to you to initial. Marcus   <Sep> Subject :  ERMT Corp. and Clinton Update 
Email : In order to complete our files, please send copies of signatures to the following documents:  1. Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Formation of ERMT LLC (regarding name change to NETCO Holdings LLC) 2. Certificate of Amendment To Certificate of Incorporation of ESVL Corp. (regarding name change to ERMT Corp.) 3. Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of ERMT Corp. (regarding name change to The New Energy Trading Company) 4. Written Consent of the Sole Stockholder of ERMT Corp. (dated 11/8/01) 5. Unanimous Written Consent of the Board of Directors of ERMT Corp. (dated 11/8/01) 6. Unanimous Written Consent of the Board of Directors of Enron North America Corp. (dated 11/5/01 regarding contribution to RMT) 7. Unanimous Written Consent of the Board of Directors of Risk Management & Trading Corp. (dated 11/5/01 regarding contribution to ERMT LLC) 8. Unanimous Written Consent of the Board of Directors of ERMT LLC. (dated 11/5/01 regarding contribution to ERMT Corp.) 9. Cross Receipt (of ERMT and RMT regarding $250,000,000) 10. Unanimous Written Consent of the Board of Directors of ERMT Corp. (dated 11/6/01 authorizing certain agreements) 11. Unanimous Written Consent of the Board of Control of ERMT LLC (dated 11/6/01 regarding issuance of 20 Units) 12. Acknowledgment of Receipt of ENA 13. Unanimous Written Consent of the Board of Control of ERMT LLC (dated 11/7/01 regarding issuance of Class B Unit) 14. Cross Receipt (of ERMT LLC and GSS Contract Services -- I will hold   <Sep> Subject :  Swapco -- Outstanding Items 
Email : (1)  Met with Alan A. and Barbara G about disruption (physical and financial) at Alan's request. Explained financial position and updated him on what we've discovered. (2)  NYMEX did not operate today at all on new system. Say they will try for tomorrow. (3)  Am told that Platts published some indices today including crude. Will publish MTBE (and other products) tomorrow irrespective of whether NYMEX publishes. Will also publish methodology. (4)  Emailed ISDA Gen. Counsel Kinberly Summe about including us in industry correspondence/conference calls about "Best Practices" statements. (5)  Thus far, disrupted indices seem to include only the following dailies:  NYMEX daily   OPIS  Platts  spreads (common pricing issue) (6)  Looks like MDE will occur if NYMEX fails to publish tomorrow. We should identify affected counterparties. Traders may want to negotiate anyway. Seems like they are hoping for unified industry stance just for ease and solidarity. I'll talk to Kim Theriot in the morning.   <Sep> Subject :  quick update 
Email : Attached is an electronic version of the Merger Agreement that we executed = with Dynegy. As is typical with these types of transactions, there are lim= itations imposed on Enron's operations between signing and closing of the M= erger Agreement. Please help ensure that each transaction entered into by = Enron and its subsidiaries complies with the agreement, and particularly Se= ction 7.1 of the agreement relating to conduct of business. Peter del Vecc= hio (at ext. 39875) and Joe Henry (at ext. 51549) are available to help add= ress specific questions regarding our interim operations. Rob Walls, John = Ale, Mark Haedicke and myself are also available, and we will help determin= e if we need Dynegy's consent for any particular proposed transaction. We = are in the process of summarizing the interim covenants, as well as establi= shing certain procedures to ensure our compliance. I anticipate distributi= ng these items on Thursday. We are also having prepared a memorandum regar= ding certain anti-trust and other issues that we need to consider in any in= volvement we have with Dynegy regarding our respective operations. We curr= ently plan on having various presentations regarding the anti-trust matters= . Please pass the merger agreement and the subsequent materials on to othe= rs in your group as you think appropriate. Thank you for your help and und= erstanding in this matter. Lance. =20 Merger Agreement for Project Gipper.DOC=20   <Sep> Subject :  Merger Agreement 
Email : Your review and approval of the following product type in the EOL Data manager is needed (for directions on approval, please see steps for approval at the bottom of this e-mail). Please do not approve before 11 A.M. US Gas Phy Fwd Firm < or = 1Mo (INTERNAL ONLY) (2200)  US Gas Phy       ANG Kingsgate                   USD/MM  A US Gas Transaction with Enron North America Corp., under which Seller shall sell and Buyer shall purchase a quantity of natural gas equal to the Daily Contract Quantity at the Contract Price on a firm basis. The Contract Price shall be as submitted by Counterparty via the Website. The Period of Delivery shall be from the Effective Date through the Termination Date. The term of the Transaction shall correspond to the date(s) set forth in the Product description on the Website. The transaction is for delivery at the interconnect between TransCanada PipeLines Limited ("TCPL") and PG&E Gas Transmission, Northwest ("PG&E") at Alberta Natural Gas Kingsgate, British Columbia ("Kingsgate"), on the Canadian side of the international border. The price is quoted in US Dollars per unit of volume, which will be the Contractual Currency.The unit of measure against which the price is quoted shall be millions of British thermal units and the quantity shown shall be in millions of BTUs per day. STEPS FOR APPROVAL:  click the  START button  select  PROGRAMS select  TEST APPLICATIONS select ENRONONLINE CLUSTER(PROD)  PROCEED WITH USUAL LOGIN/PASSWORD  click the Enron Online Production Cluster "START" button   select EnronOnLine (this is the EOL Datamanager)  PROCEED WITH EOL LOGIN/PASSWORD click on the "+" for EnronOnLine click on the "+" for Product Types click on the "+" for "Awaiting Approval" (OR  "Partially Approved") select the product requiring review as stated in e-mail above Right "mouse" click on "properties" to view product set-up       TO APPROVE:  Right mouse click on "Approved"   Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Product type approval - US Gas Phy Fwd Firm < or = 1Mo (INTERNAL  ONLY) 
Email : To All -  Attached is an updated version of the Intercontinental Exchange Participant Agreement - complete with schedules for transaction costs in various commodities. This form is a new version of the existing Participant Agreement Enron currently has in place and is anticipated to be effective on December 1, 2001. While I have been reviewing the legal terms and conditions, I need some assistance from you - the business personnel - on the pricing stated in the applicable schedules. These price schedules have all been updated from the existing contracts. At your convenience, please review the schedule applicable to your particular commodity or forward it to the appropriate person for review. Please let me know if the pricing is acceptable. Granted, since this is a form agreement we may not have much power to change any pricing, but I at least want each of you to be aware of the changes. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Intercontinental Exchange 
Email : Mark, I can use your advise on a few new projects that I am working on. 1. The weather desk is trying to roll out a HDD Swap for Calgary by Monday= . Most of the anticipated buyers of the product will be Canadian counterpa= rties ECC has masters with. The desk originally thought that we need to cr= eate a GTC for Enron Canada using the ENA weather GTC. Because if the time=  issues involved in creating a new GTC (fixing all the things that are wron= g with the ENA form) I looked for a new way to deal with this issue. I thi= nk I found it in section 3(d) of the ETA which provides that the Enron coun= terparty to a particular transaction will be the Enron Entity they have a m= aster with that covers that type of transaction. I believe this provision = was a stroke of genius designed for just this type of scenario. I can prep= are the long description to specify the Enron entity as "the applicable Enr= on entity" and if there is a master then the Enron Entity is the one with t= he master pursuant to Section 3(d) of the ETA and if there is no master the=  ETA says the GTC applies and the GTC specifies that ENA is the counterpart= y. Do you think this works? 2. I was contacted by someone at McKinsey & Company yesterday who is worki= ng with the weather desk to develop a Bermuda Transformer Commercial Struct= ure to partner up with the Insurance market to provide some capital to our = weather trading desk. I have been told that conceptually it will be a Jedi=  type arrangement. I have been asked to help them think through the issues=  and coordinate with the other attorneys who work on these types of issues.=   I do not want to get too deep into the structuring of this investment veh= icle myself without the appropriate legal group involved. Would this be so= mething Jordan Mintz's group would handle or would this be something that L= ance Schuler's group would develop? I thought I might want to talk to Juli= a Murrey (or Cristina Mordant or Carol St. Clair) to see what issues croppe= d up in the development of Jedi I and Jedi II (or maybe I should just talk = to whatever lawyer is currently handling these structures). What are your = thoughts on how to move forward? 3. The other rush deal is a financing deal out of Jordan's group. The dea= l I helped look at that was a physical forward using ISDA type language is = now a financial deal (a series of Total Return Swaps) that needs to close n= ext Friday. I will go to a meeting in the morning to try and get more info= rmation on the structure. Angela Davis who has worked on the Total Return = swap deals has offered to help me pilot this through. Sara thought I shoul= d check with you to make sure you don't have a problem with me taking on on= e of these deals. I am going to try and make sure they have Danny Sullivan=  from A&K working on the deal since he is the most knowledgeable lawyer on = this type of structure. =20  I hope all goes well with your return flight plans. Brent   <Sep> Subject :  New Project Direction 
Email : ATTORNEY CLIENT COMMUNICATION ATTORNEY WORK PRODUCT CONFIDENTIAL COMMUNICATION  Brian/Craig -  I spoke to Helaine Fine of Risk Metrics. She indicated that RM is looking at the min. license fee number of $96K as the value to reimburse RM for the development costs of the CreditStream product. I pointed out that we would be entitled to the $4800 revenue share from the one subscriber (as we discussed). She acknowledged that this was provided for under the agreement and realized that we had not provided for any consideration if RM had to reimburse all subscription fees to subscribers. I also pointed out that we had no use for the CreditStream name and trademark application and no real value associated with it either, but that we would be willing to assign this to RM if they saw any use or value. My thought on that is to simply recoup our legal costs in pursuing the application to this point - probably around $1,500 to $2,000. Helaine was going to speak to Alan about all of the above and get back to me. No mention was made of the Credit Manager product and I believe we should leave it that way for now. I'll keep you updated. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  Risk Metrics 
Email : Although this is definitely not the best way to announce it, today is my last day at Enron Canada Corp. and I wanted to let you know that it has been a real pleasure working with you over the last couple of years. I apologize for letting you know by e-mail instead of giving you a call. Unfortunately, the mechanics of my employment change required me to avoid phoning you all earlier. Just so you know, I am returning to my old job in the world of private practice at Bennett Jones LLP here in Calgary. I do not have my new e-mail address or phone number yet but you can reach me at the main switchboard at (403) 298-3100 starting December 3, 2001. My mugshot, direct line and e-mail address should be appearing on the Bennett Jones website (www.bennettjones.ca) within the next month. In the meantime, I will be taking a couple of weeks to spend with my wife and 3 month old son Jimmy. I wish nothing but the best for you and if you ever find yourself in the Great White North of Calgary, please give me a call. All the best,   <Sep> Subject :  Personal News 
Email : Mark,  Today is the end of the extension for the 10Q report. It has been completed. I am hoping that by the beginning of next month your schedule will free up to for us to get together. Call me when you have the time   Rob   <Sep> Subject :  10Q Report: 
Email : We have received an executed Amendment Agreement dated as of September 19, 2001 between The Chase Manhattan Bank and Enron North America Corp. The amendment (i) amends the definition of "Specified Swap" to include foreign exchange spot or foreign exchange forward transactions or currency option transactions; (ii) to specify that The Chase Manhattan Bank is a Multibranch Party and may act through any Office specified in a confirmation; and (ii) to add a "Scope of the Agreement" provision which states that if the parties enter into a "Specified Swap" (as defined in the master agreement) such "Specified Swap" shall be subject to, governed by and construed in accordance with the terms of the agreement unless the confirmation relating thereto specifically states to the contrary. In addition, we have received an executed Amendment Agreement dated as of November 8, 2001 between The Chase Manhattan Bank and Enron North America Corp. The amendment replaces the definitions of "Settlement Amount" and "Loss" as set forth in the master agreement. Copies will be distributed.   <Sep> Subject :  The Chase Manhattan Bank 
Email : Cleaning out my mailbox, and I find this message from John Perschke reporting on homecoming, and requesting I sent you a note. Sorry to delay; things have been just exquisitely busy here at work the past few months. So I'll send a quick note, and more when I hear back from you (the email address looks suspicious, so I'll verify it first). Big project is just wrapping up, so I'll have more spare minutes soon, I hope. Hope all is well with you. Still in Houston?   <Sep> Subject :  greetings 
Email : I was informed by Steve Douglas this morning that for tax reasons we need t= o assign a number of weather transactions ENA entered into with XL Trading = Partners Ltd. from ENA to Chiricahua III LLC and Chiricahua V LLC. These t= wo entities are ultimately wholly owned subsidiaries of ENA. It is intende= d that these entities will also enter into a few weather transactions direc= tly with XL Trading Partners Ltd.  All of these transactions must have a te= rm that ends no later than midnight December 31 2001. My understanding is t= hat some time after these transactions are assigned or entered into the Chi= ricahua entities will be liquidated sometime during the month of December a= nd the weather transactions will be transferred to the parent entity which = will subsequently be liquidated and moved to its parent and so on until the=  transactions end up at ENA. I would ask Bret or Steve to clarify the proc= ess to the extent that I have left anything out or misstated the proposal i= n broad terms. If anyone needs a detailed explanation of the process pleas= e call Bret at ext. 54390. I would ask that everyone review the attached documentation in light of the=  proposal above to give their views from a credit, Dynegy merger agreement,=  legal, operational, commercial, corporate governance, and guarantor perspe= ctive. I am proposing the following draft documents for the assignment of the ENA = trades to Chiricahua III and V entities. =20   =20  I am proposing the following blacklined draft master agreements to be enter= ed into between Chiricahua III and V and XL Trading Partners Inc. These ar= e based on the executed ENA/XL Trading master. Please note that Chiricahua=  and XL Trading would be providing parent guaranties in the form previously=  agreed upon by ENA and XL Trading. Deb, please note the documents to be d= elivered section for the Chiricahua entities. Will we need some new resolu= tions passed? =20  I am attaching final drafts of the confirmations that were entered into bet= ween the parties. The first six will be assigned to Chiricahua III and the=  second six will be assigned to Chiricahua V.  Rebecca, please note that I = will need copies of the executed confirmations for these transactions or th= e document that we sent to XL Trading if they have not yet signed the docum= ent by tomorrow midday if at all possible so I can attach them as exhibits. Chiricahua III       =20  Chiricahua V       =20  Please let me know if you have any questions or comments on the documentati= on. If you have any comments or questions relating to the tax purpose or p= rocess of this series of transactions please call Bret Well at ext. 54390. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Chiricahua Assignments 
Email : Enron Kids  No donation is too small! Please contact Stephanie Truss, 5-3861, or Martha Keesler, 5-2423, to make a cash donation. The deadline for making your cash donation is Thursday, December 6, 2001. EWS Legal  Gordon Elementary School Adoption   <Sep> Subject :  Adopt a Kid - Reminder 
Email : Nov. 26, 2001, 11:30PM  Sizable staff of 245 lawyers in merger limbo By MARY FLOOD Copyright 2001 Houston Chronicle  Whether troubled Enron Corp. merges, falls or stays the course, it is likely to deeply affect one of Houston's largest law offices: the one within the embattled company. "We've always regarded them as one of the big law firms in Houston," said Howard Ayers, managing partner of Andrews & Kurth, one of the city's largest firms with about 240 lawyers in Houston alone. Enron has about 245 lawyers worldwide, company spokesman Vance Meyer said. That's a large legal stable even for a company with more than 25,000 employees. With about 145 lawyers in Houston, if it were a private firm it would have been the city's sixth-largest, according to the Chronicle 100 survey released in May. Energy trader Enron's internal law office has burgeoned along with the huge trading firm, now set to merge with a smaller but stronger local competitor, Dynegy. As Enron's stock plummeted further, Dynegy last week denied rumors it might drop out and leave Enron to face a possible bankruptcy. Whatever the company's fate, there are rough waters ahead for Enron lawyers. Although most lawyers interviewed said they hope everybody remains employed and that it is premature to discuss the fate of Enron's legal staff, speculation in the legal community runs the gamut from rumors that dozens of lawyers could be laid off as early as this week to the idea that Enron will hold on tightly to its talent. "My guess is they'll need their lawyers while they get things in a more steady state. There's a lot of legal work to go through," said Joel Swanson, a senior partner at Baker & Botts, a Houston law firm with about 265 lawyers here. Not only does Enron have a large cadre of lawyers inside its company, but it also has hired just about every large firm in Houston over the last few years. Several of the biggest Houston firms are working on the merger for either Enron or Dynegy, and others are standing by wondering which outside firms will get the biggest pieces of legal work when the new company is created. Enron's legal department has siphoned talent from Houston's top law firms over the years. Heads of law firms said they have seen plenty of promising lawyers lured away by Enron's competitive pay combined with stock options, which were a lucrative draw until recently, as shares have lost 95 percent of their value. "Enron has one of the premier legal departments in the country," said Jeff Love, managing partner of Locke Liddell & Sapp, a Houston-based firm with about 175 of its lawyers here. Enron has hired a lot of what are called "laterals," or lawyers who have had a couple years training, often at a big firm. Although jobs in corporate counsel offices are generally considered easier than big-firm life, that's not the reputation of Enron's legal eagles. As with the company itself, the general counsel's office has been known as innovative and hard driving. "I don't think anybody lateraled into Enron with the expectation of an ordinary life," Ayers said. In the Houston market, where big-firm first-year lawyers start at around $110,000 a year, the advantages of going to an expanding company like Enron were the stock options and the opportunity to grow with the company. If heavily anticipated layoffs occur at Enron, top Houston lawyers expect casualties to land on their feet. Looming recessions are not always bad for job-hunting lawyers. Bankruptcy, litigation and mergers all can boom in rough times. Several Houston-based law firms said they have recruited a slightly larger starting class of lawyers for 2002, meaning they don't expect to scale back their business in the immediate future. Should the merger succeed, Enron's 245 lawyers will join Dynegy's 43. "The question of how you integrate the two staffs, as with a lot of things associated with the merger, won't be worked out for some time," Dynegy spokesman Steve Stengel said.   <Sep> Subject :  Sizable staff of 245 lawyers in merger limbo 
Email : Hello -  I was searching your website for capabilities on emissions trading. I understand you conduct and enhance market information as well as establish custom solutions that enable environmental compliance. I was wondering if you an provide some information on your services, and what the current trends are for SOx and NOx emissions trading. How does Enron participate ? Most importantly, I was wondering if you have available data on cost savings for Enron itself as well as others in the industry. Thank you for your help - I look forward to your reponse. Sincerely,   <Sep> Subject :  Emissions Trading Inquiry 
Email : Mike: This experience has to be gut-wrenching for you. It is truly  incredible. If we can assist you in any way, please let me know. David T. Crary, Ph.D. Professor, Department of Finance Assoc. Dean for Executive Education E. J. Ourso College of Business Admin. Louisiana State University Baton Rouge, LA 70803 225/578-6354 (v) 225/578-6983 (f)   <Sep> Subject :  Job 
Email : Mary, we are under a good deal of commercial pressure to execute the power = swap with Ontario Power Generation by the end of 3rd quarter. I understand=  the swap is for 3 years after Ontario Market Opening, with Enron as fixed = price payor (Cdn. $50) and OPG as floating price payor. I also understand = that OPG has provided their comments on the documentation, and would apprec= iate if we made it a top priority to review and respond to their comments a= s soon as possible. I understand that there may be a significant number of=  matters ongoing for quarter end, as well as because of the recent events. =  However, the draft ISDA has been outstanding for a considerable period and= , as mentioned, we have commercial pressure to execute the transaction. If=  it would expedite matters, perhaps we could document under an Omnibus GTC = (although OPG will likely have similar comments which will need to be addre= ssed) or we could assign another lawyer to completing the documentation, in= cluding Chris Gaffney. Please let me know. Regards, Peter   <Sep> Subject :  Ontario Power Generation Swap 
Email : Does anyone have a copy (or know where we can obtain one) of an executed Corporate Services Agreement between ENA and Enron Canada Corp. dated sometime last year? Please let me know as soon as possible. Thanks, Deb   <Sep> Subject :  Corporate Services Agreement 
Email : Attached for your review and comments is a revised Confirmation for the EES Weather (snowfall cap option) product. I have also attached a blackline against the last draft distributed, as well as a copy of the last Terms and Conditions distributed (unchanged from prior draft) and the Credit Support Annex (also unchanged from prior draft). Unless informed otherwise, this product is scheduled for release no later than tomorrow so kindly send any comments to my attention ASAP, or let me know if you require additional review time. Please note also that the foregoing is not intended to imply that other procedures and approvals (eg. RAC Approval), if any, required for the introduction of new products by EES' / EWS' policies have been completed. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Revised Weather Products 
Email : Bob,  We have updated our EBS Master Agreement, so made some conforming changes to the EOL (with Credit) and EOL (without Credit) GTCs. Please find them attached. I have also revised the product descriptions that I have to make sure that the language was consistent (although I was given a number of versions to work from). Let me know if you have questions about any of these changes or if you have any questions about additional changes to EBS info on EOL that may be required. All the Best! Cynthia   <Sep> Subject :  EBS Master Agreement 
Email : Hi,  I need your help. I would like you guys to prioritize the "first 10" and the "second 10" firms that we would like to change our existing trading agreements with to allow all of us to use ConfirmLogic. I would like this process to go forward even if the counterparty has not yet signed up for the module. To my mind, the legal change simply gives us both the option (and perhaps the preference, but not the obligation) to use the module to serve as a legal confirmation. Please let me know if there is anything I can do to help speed up the process. As I understand it, only Sempra currently has proposed changes in front of them. I would like us to have proposed changes in front of the top 20 clients by September 20. Many thanks,  Tom   <Sep> Subject :  Contract Amendments for ConfirmLogic 
Email : The Net Works/Financial Trading Group's Quarterly Legal Review with Mark Haedicke will be on Friday, October 26, from 9:00 to 11:00 a.m. in EB38C2. Please plan to attend. Thank you.   <Sep> Subject :  Net Works/Financial Trading Group Quarterly Legal Review 
Email : Hi Mark,  Attached is a Service Level Agreement for our deal with Global View Software. Forthcoming will be two attachments - one that gives EOL contact names and numbers and one that outlines the hardware in detail. I assume that neither will have any bearing on the SLA. We would like to see it turned around in a week or so if at all possible. Global View actually has the hardware and we are in the middle of some user acceptance testing. Please give me a call if any questions. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  SLA for Global View Software 
Email : you will check in with CO and they will reissue your tkt at the airport. If you have any questions, please let me know. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  TAYLOR/MARK E 18OCT IAH to MLI - plz note changes 
Email : This email is to update you on the status of the 2001 ISDA Master Agreement Protocol (the "Protocol"). As part of the Protocol, there were four annexes that addressed the disappearance of the 12 national currency units on January 1, 2002 and the introduction of the euro. These four annexes have been separated from the Protocol and published on our website on September 24 as the 2001 Euro Protocol. The adherence period for the 2001 Euro Protocol is September 24 to November 30, 2001. It was important to move forward with the 2001 Euro Protocol, given the specific nature of the timing of the introduction of the euro. With respect to Annexes 1 through 8, we propose drafting a new ISDA Master Agreement rather than moving forward with a Protocol. The continuing debate on the details of Annexes 1 to 8, the relevance of the Protocol for these provisions and the interest in moving forward with a new ISDA Master Agreement are some of the reasons for this recommendation. An extraordinary amount of effort has gone into preparing the Protocol and will provide a strong basis for proceeding with a new ISDA Master Agreement. Please let me know what your thoughts are on this suggested approach. With respect to Annex 9, the Force Majeure Annex, we propose posting a Form of Amendment and the Force Majeure provisions (as well as the Commentary) on our website. This would allow firms to incorporate such language into their Master Agreements on the basis of bilateral negotiation. Any views you may have in light of the events of September 11 would be welcome. Lastly, with respect to Annex 10, the Tax Protocol, our Tax Committee will be contacted on Tuesday to determine how to proceed with respect to those issues. Any views on this issue would also be welcome.   <Sep> Subject :  2001 ISDA Master Agreement Protocol 
Email : We have extended the deadline for submission of written materials for the SWAPs.....program to Friday, October 12th. We would appreciate your letting us know whether any of the materials you will be submitting will require copyright permission so that we may assist you with that process. We ask that you send us your biographical information as soon as possible. Thank you in advance for your efforts to make the SWAPs program a success.   <Sep> Subject :  SWAPs & Other Derivatives in 2001 
Email : The Natural Gas Trading audit, executed by Andersen, has been completed. The attached Final Report has been reviewed with key process owners and issues were discussed with appropriate personnel, both during the audit and at the Closing Meeting. Final Reports will also be reviewed in detail with Wes and Sally on a periodic basis. EAS will follow up with you regarding implementation of corrective actions for High Priority Items  If you have any questions, please contact me at ext. 5-4554. Thank you. Mechelle Atwood Director, Enron Assurance Services Enron Wholesale Services   <Sep> Subject :  Natural Gas Trading Audit Report 
Email : FYI. Good idea. But, I think we may have some exposure to manage if there are follow-up articles. If the 200 lot product is not offered universally to all EOL customers, it's a change from the way we have positioned EnronOnline. There may a legal issue with it as well. It will be helpful for me to know how offering the product selectively benefits Enron. Kal   UK: Enron ups online metals transaction sizes. 09/27/2001 Reuters English News Service (C) Reuters Limited 2001. LONDON, Sept 27 (Reuters) - Commodities trader Enron has amended its internet trading platform EnronOnline (www.enrononline.com) to allow some users to increase the size of metals transactions. For selected clients, Enron is now making markets in three months copper and aluminium for maximum 200-lot transactions, compared with the standard 20-lot markets on the system. For the larger-volume deals Enron is quoting a wider $4 bid-ask spread rather than the standard $2 spread. Joe Gold, president of Enron Metals, said, "The 200-lot market was developed because a number of people asked us to put something of a larger size on there." He said the 200-lot market was open to a restricted number of users, but was not focused on any one particular section of the market. "People who like large lots tend to be big producers, some of the funds, and so on. They're people who have a commercial relationship with us already," he said. Traders said the increased transaction size could give Enron an added edge when competing for fund business. "It's a big step up in liquidity. If I was them my first call would be to the top 10 fund managers to say 'why don't you stop messing around with phone calls and come to the screen where you can trade 200 lots at the click of a button?'" said one. "Even if they don't manage to get these guys' business, they've raised the bar. Their other clients may have to conform to the Enron model, offering 200-lot deals and maybe a $3 spread if they want to beat Enron." U.S.-based Enron Corp became a major player in the metals trade in May last year when it acquired MG plc, a leading independent international metals dealing firm in London which had previously absorbed fellow LME ring-dealers Rudolf Wolff & Co and Billiton Metals Ltd. In July last year the company announced the first physical metals transaction on EnronOnline. The system differs from the screen trading systems operated by the London Metal Exchange (LME) and UK-based metals and energy broker Spectron in that the trading platform is open to a broad range of users but Enron is the sole counter-party in each transaction. Both the LME's LME Select and the Spectron trading platform enable trading between individual users, but limit membership to Category 1 (ring dealing) and Category 2 (associate broker clearing) members of the LME. Folder Name: Rahil Jafry Relevance Score on Scale of 100: 89   <Sep> Subject :  UK:   Enron ups online metals transaction sizes. 
Email : Please find attached a revised draft of the Request for No-Action Letter. We have also attached a redline showing the revisions made to the previous draft. Sincerely,   <Sep> Subject :  EES Draft Request for No-Action Letter 
Email : After discussions with Elizabeth Sager and Leslie Hansen, we have developed a few additions to the EOL Paperless Confirm Amendment form to clarify that (1) neither party shall (not just that neither party is required to) send paper confirms, and (2) the transaction's records on EOL control over any conflicting terms in the underlying Governing Agreement. I have attached a draft below of a Consent and Agreement for Idacorp with the proposed changes in italics (see Para. 1(a)(i) and 3). We made this last change in anticipation of revised EOL power product definitions, which new definitions will conflict with important terms (such as the force majeure clause) in the Power Master. If you don't want any of these proposed changes to be made to the form as a whole, and would prefer that they be handled in the Power Annex so as to apply only to Power, please let me know. Janet   <Sep> Subject :  Suggested revisions to EOL Paperless Confirm Amendment text 
Email : Mark:  I'm getting calls from different people with AA requesting copies of all "legally approved" confirmation templates. I've had requests today from two different people with respect to power and rate/FX. Do we have a formal process for  approving templates? Where are the templates kept and how does legal know if they have been changed? Have similar requests been made for other products? There does not seem to be any sort of AA uniform deadline for submitting the templates. I've asked AA to advise you so that we can all be consistent in our responses. Thanks. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  confirmation templates 
Email : I have asked the tax guys to talk to you directly since I am in South America  this week. If you have not heard from them, you might try calling Stephen  Douglas or Jeff Blumenthal. They are the tax experts for EnronOnline.   <Sep> Subject :  Singapore domain name 
Email : Robin:  We use two firms for U.S. derivatives advice - both in New York and both  highly recommended:  David Mitchell of Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft (212)504-6285 Ken Raisler of Sullivan & Cromwell (212)558-4675  David we use for contract issues - what should our forms look like under  various conditions, etc. and Ken, who is a former General Counsel of the  CFTC, we use for policy questions, political (lobbying) and e-commerce  issues. Please feel free to use my name when contacting either of them. If  neither of these is exactly what you are looking for, let me know and I can  put you in touch with others. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  Derivatives Counsel 
Email : Hey Amanda! Yao just gave me your e-mail address. He had told me you were at UVA a  couple of months ago. How do you like law school so far? I have to admit I  pretty much hated every minute of it. Now that I think about it, I can't say  that being a lawyer had been all that much fun either. Oh well, the pay is  pretty good. I found this picture of my boat on the internet site of the charter company  that rents it out for me when I'm not sailing (which is most of the time). When are we going sailing again? Got any good vacation weeks coming up? The  Caribbean sure sounds good right about now......   <Sep> Subject :  Hi! 
Email : Sorry I missed you earlier - please blame Louise who refused to let me leave  the meeting I was in with her to call. I tried to call you in London just  now but there was no answer. If you are still around, please feel free to  try me again but if that doesn't work I will be in all next week and am happy  to set up a time that works for you. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  Conference call 
Email : The Houston desk has asked me to prepare a form of confirm for a credit  derivative based on the bankruptcy of a Canadian reference entity. Before I  talk to Canadian counsel about the bankruptcy laws there I thought I should  check with you guys and make sure you haven't done this already - any issues  you know of? Thanks, Mark   <Sep> Subject :  Bankruptcy Swaps with Canadian Reference Entities 
Email : This is the North America version. There are a number of variations for  different jurisdictions. You can see them all on the website by going to  enrononline.com and then going to the "How to Register" page. There is a  drop-down that lists all of the available PA's.   <Sep> Subject :  PA and ETA 
Email : Justin -   David Samuels and Rahil Jafrey have come up with an idea for an incentive to  get people to use EnronOnline. They want to set up a sports fantasy league  system on the website allowing users to accumulate points and then awarding  prizes to the winners. The first proposal relates to European football (I  think) and they would like to meet to discuss the idea at 10:00 a.m. Houston  time Tuesday. Any chance you might be available to listen in?   <Sep> Subject :  EnronOnline 
Email : Steve:  Here is the most recent draft of the swap agreement. The marked copy (the  second attachment) shows the changes with the exception of the payee tax rep  which has been deleted in the clean version. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  Enron Re/European Finance Re Swap 
Email : One day, while walking down the street, a highly successful lawyer was  tragically hit by a bus and killed. His soul arrived up in Heaven, where he  was met at the Pearly Gates by St. Peter himself. "Welcome to Heaven," said St. Peter. "Before you get settled in, though, it  seems we have a problem. You see,  we've never once had a lawyer  make it  this far and we're not really sure what to do with you." "No problem-just let me in," said the lawyer   "Well, I'd like to, but I have higher orders. What we're going to do is let  you have a day in Hell and a day in Heaven, and then you can choose whichever  one you want to spend an eternity in." "Actually, I think I've made up my mind...I prefer  to stay in Heaven," said  the lawyer    "Sorry, we have rules," said St. Peter, and with that, he put the lawyer in  an elevator  and it went  down-down-down to Hell. The doors opened and the lawyer found himself stepping out onto the putting  green on a beautiful golf course. In the distance was a country club, and  standing in front of him were all of his friends and fellow lawyers with whom  he had worked. They were all dressed in black tie and evening gowns and  cheering for him. They ran up and kissed him on both cheeks and they talked  about  old times. They played an excellent round of golf, and that night went  to the country club where he enjoyed an excellent steak and lobster dinner. The lawyer even got to meet the Devil, who was actually a woman and very good  looking. He had a great time telling jokes and dancing. In fact, the lawyer  was having such a good time, that before he knew it, it was time to leave. Everybody shook his hand, thanked him for coming  and waved goodbye as he  got on the elevator. The elevator went up-up-up and opened back at the Pearly Gates, where he  found St. Peter waiting for him. "Now it's time to spend a day in Heaven," he  said. So the lawyer spent the next 24 hours lounging around on clouds and playing  the harp and singing. He had a great time, and before he knew it, his  24  hours were up. St. Peter came and got him. "So, you've spent a day in Hell and you've spent a day in Heaven. Now you   must choose your eternity," he said. The lawyer  paused for a second, and  then replied, "Well, I never thought I'd say this. I mean, Heaven has been  really great and all, but I think I had a better time in Hell." So St. Peter  escorted him to the elevator and again he went down-down-down, back to Hell. When the doors of the elevator opened, the lawyer found himself standing in  a desolate wasteland covered in garbage and filth. He saw his friends and  fellow lawyers were dressed in rags and were picking up the garbage and  putting it in sacks. The Devil appeared before the lawyer. She now had horns sticking out of her  head, fire spit out her ears and nose  and she had a very evil laugh  The lawyer stammered:   "I don't understand. Yesterday, I was here and   there was a golf course and a country club and we ate lobster and danced and  had a great time. Now all there is a wasteland of garbage and all of my  friends and fellow lawyers look overworked and miserable." The Devil looked at the lawyer and smiled. "Yesterday we were recruiting you; today you're ours."   <Sep> Subject :  Life in the Law Firm 
Email : If you didn't believe us before, I'm sure it is by now painfully clear that  negotiating master swap agreements is a very lengthy process. My impression  is that the commercial team in Portland is anxious to begin trading  financially. If this is correct, it would be possible, at least from a legal  point of view, to begin trading now under the existing documents. In each  case where a master agreement is already in place, trades entered into before  the amendments we want will certainly be binding on both parties. Our only  issues with trading under these agreements are where we need more restrictive  credit provisions and that resumption of trading before an amendment is  signed reduces to some extent our negotiating leverage. As to the credit  issue, only the credit group can decide whether or not to permit trading  under the existing terms. As for the negotiating leverage, if the commercial  people want to resume trading immediately, my suggestion would be to let them  go ahead. If it turns out that additional leverage is needed, we can always  stop trading. Where no master swap agreement exists, we have documentation available to  enable trading on a limited basis until the master is signed. The so-called  "omnibus" confirmation will work for any normal commodity derivative  transaction and can be customized to include necessary credit provisions -  even where multiple trades exist with the same counterparty. Tana has unsuccessfully tried to get you access to our Lotus Notes database  so you could determine the status of any negotiation on an up-to-the-minute  basis. She will be sending a monthly report of our progress until you get  the necessary software to access the database. Of course, if any issues come  up in the meantime, please continue to feel free to call.   <Sep> Subject :  Financial Trading Documentation 
Email : Please revise my entry in the Web Directory to show my new e-mail address -  Mark.Taylor@enron.com - and my Greek affiliation as Zeta Beta Tau. ? Thanks!   <Sep> Subject :  Web Alumni Directory Correction 
Email : Thanks for your note. It is kind of exciting. I think this attachment is probably the treaty you want. I'm sorry it didn't  "save" better but I think you can probably print it out legibly. I have a  copy printed from Westlaw. Let me know if you want me to fax it.   <Sep> Subject :  Treaty 
Email : Dave:  Here is the agreement I received from London which I have revised to apply to  the Chicago situation. Let's consider this a rough draft at present. It  does identify some interesting issues regarding how this will work. let's  get together and go through it and see what we need and what we don't. Let  me know what time works for you. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  Back to Back Agreement 
Email : It's that time again. We need to prepare our group and individual goals for  1999. Please give these some thought and give me your suggestions for our  group's goals by the end of the week. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  1999 Goals 
Email : Michele:  Just to let you know that I have approved the following for Carol:  1. In addition to the 6 weeks that Enron allows for leave, Carol will add to  that period by using any remaining vacation time that she has for 2000 (I  believe an additional 10-12 days). 2. After that time is used up, Carol will be on an unpaid leave of absence  until December 31, 2000. Please let me know if there is anything else you need. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  Carol St. Clair 
Email : Tana and I were unable to find anything useful here. David Mitchell thought  he might find something for us in his files and will send it to us but as he  remembers it, we never got very far with the details. He probably just  advised that if we ever did set up a CTA that it should be completely  separate - both in legal entity and staff - from our trading activities and  should be Chinese Wall fenced  as well. I'll send over whatever we receive  from him and warned him that you might be calling.   <Sep> Subject :  CWT memo re: CTA 
Email : Current Plan:  Days away: Sept. 21 through Oct. 3 (assuming you work on the day we leave and  go back to work the day after we return)                            9 work days  Wed. Sept. 20  - Leave Houston around 6:00 pm Thur. Sept. 21   -   Arrv. London early a.m., transfer to flight to Nice                               -  Arrv. Nice around noon? rent car & drive to  first hotel (less than 1 hour away); collapse Fri. Sept. 22       -  Stay in same hotel, visit Monaco, Nice? Sat. Sept. 23     - Drive to St. Tropez - through Nice , Cannes & other  coastal towns, check-in mid afternoon Sun. Sept. 24    - St. Tropez Mon. Sept. 25   - St. Tropez Tue. Sept. 26    - Drive to Nice, return car, fly to Paris Wed. Sept. 27  - Paris  Thur. Sept. 28   - Paris (Versailles or Fontainbleu - half day side trip) Fri. Sept. 29       - Paris (Giverny - Monet's gardens - 3/4 day side trip) Sat. Sept. 30     - Paris  Sun. Oct. 1         - Paris to London in afternoon - probably by Eurostar  train - (arrv. London late afternoon) Mon. Oct. 2        - London (meetings for CLH) Tues. Oct. 3       - Fly London to Houston (lv. around noon, arrv. around  4:30pm)   <Sep> Subject :  Vacation Dates 
Email : As I mentioned in my voice-mail, this needs to go somewhere that users might  actually see it - e.g. a news ticker story. Simply adding it to the Legal &  Privacy Statement, while helpful, is not sufficient. EnronOnline will assist users, upon request, in arranging for direct access  connection (such as a "T1" line or other means of direct access) to  EnronOnline, as an alternative to internet access. Direct access  connections might enable users to access EnronOnline more quickly than is  currently possible through internet access.   <Sep> Subject :  Direct Access Disclaimer Language 
Email : Paul:  Here is the FSA letter with my comments inserted in red. I have tried to  make it a bit stronger by deleting references to our positions being merely  "arguable." The language I deleted in the first part of 3.4 I thought was  unnecessary and just point out doors that may remain open for the SFA. The  language added in 3.5 was an attempt to show how much EEFT does vs.  EnronOnline. Is there a reason we are referring to Net Works rather than EnronOnline LLC? It is also a Delaware limited liability company. Are we afraid it may have a   I also wonder if the discussion of EPOL's involvement in 2.2 and 4.2 is  really needed since the ETA is entered into on EEFT's behalf. If this has  not yet been raised by the SFA, it doesn't seem necessary to flag it for  them. My position would be that EEFT is a party to that agreement whenever  it is necessary in connection with an investment. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  FSA Letter 
Email : Louise - These are excerpts from the most recent version of the PPM I thoug= ht=20 you might want to see. The document itself is attached. It strikes me tha= t=20 there are some remaining inaccuracies here but I don't know how strongly yo= u=20 feel about them. PPM Page 12 The unique technology behind EnronOnline is primarily based on the=20 proprietary price manager software that Enron has developed to allow=20 real-time price updates to be displayed. The price manager is a system tha= t=20 allows traders to manipulate the prices displayed based on activity on the= =20 site and in the marketplace. The system can be set up to increase or=20 decrease posted bid/offers by a certain dollar amount in response to market= =20 movement or to a sale or purchase of a specific product. The system also h= as=20 capability to link several products and adjust prices with the movement of= =20 any other product. Traders continually monitor these movements and can=20 override or change a price at any time and the site will be automatically= =20 updated, thereby providing a liquid market at all times for the customers. = =20 Finally, the system is also capable of customizing some trades by combining= =20 the appropriate underlying transactions. PPM Page 22 Louise Kitchen Managing Director - EnronOnline ENW Louise Kitchen is President and COO of EnronOnline and has managed the=20 business since the initiation of the project in November 1999. Louise was= =20 responsible for the development and launch of EnronOnline and remains=20 responsible for the ongoing operation of the business. Louise ran Enron=01= ,s=20 retail operation in the U.K. from 1997 to 1999, where she introduced=20 electricity sales as an incremental offering to natural gas, which led to a= =20 ten-fold increase in the customer base. She joined Enron in the spring of= =20 1994, with responsibility for building a gas trading business for Enron in= =20 Europe. Prior to joining Enron, Louise was employed by PowerGen, where she= =20 worked in electricity trading before taking responsibility for PowerGen=01,= s gas=20 trading activities. Louise received her Bachelor of Arts in Economics and= =20 French at Kingston University.=20   PPM Page 25  The EnronOnline system is capable of handling over 3,000 price changes each= =20 minute, which is necessary to keep up with a volatile marketplace and to ke= ep=20 the best price available at all times. Also built into this system are=20 checks and balances from risk control policies that monitor all positions a= nd=20 manage risk. =20  [and very similar to the excerpt from page 12 above] The unique technology behind EnronOnline is primarily based on the=20 proprietary price manager software that Enron has developed to allow=20 real-time price updates to be displayed. The price manager is a system tha= t=20 allows traders to manipulate the prices displayed based on activity on the= =20 site and in the marketplace. The system can be set up to increase or=20 decrease posted bid/offers by a certain dollar amount in response to market= =20 movement or to a sale or purchase of a specific product. The system also h= as=20 capability to link several products and adjust prices with the movement of= =20 any other product. Traders continually monitor these movements and can=20 override or change a price at any time. The site is automatically updated,= =20 thereby providing a liquid market at all times for the customers. Finally,= =20 the system is also capable of customizing some trades by combining the=20 appropriate underlying transactions to satisfy the request of the purchaser= .   <Sep> Subject :  Net Works PPM Issues 
Email : I have received a bill from LeBoeuf for work done in June on the ACE  insurance matter for a bit over $36,000. This included around 23 hours by PB  Wright ($12,000) and 38 hours by SD Avitabile ($13,000). Does that sound  right to you? I have to allocate this to the business units - should it all  go to East Power Trading?   <Sep> Subject :  LeBoeuf bill 
Email : Justin:  Do you know whether we have acquired any companies with CFTC registrations of  any kind (e.g. Commodity Trading Advisor or Futures Commission Merchant)? I  was wondering who was responsible for compliance matters if we have. I hope you're well and all my best to Fran. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  MG 
Email : I saw this on the internet & thought I'd pass it along..... Eating fish does contribute to your intelligence, particularly before and  just after you're born. A researcher at the University of Connecticut has found that some fish are  high in a certain chemical that's vital to brain and nerve cell growth in  fetuses and newborns. Babies can't make enough docahexanoic -- or DHA -- a fatty acid that helps   <Sep> Subject :  Fish 
Email : It looks like Phase II of our construction project (over where Julia's office  used to be) will be finished on the 18th so she will be moving into her new  office that weekend. I now have the plans for Phase III and it turns out  your office will be included in the construction area. Phase III will  probably start on the 25th. That could always slip but I wanted to give you  as much notice as possible. Hope you are all doing well. Getting any sleep yet?   <Sep> Subject :  Office Build-out 
Email : Dennis & Michael:  It looks like this is an EnronCredit.com matter. Could you please take care  of this and coordinate with David Weekes or, in his absence, Gillian Johnson  (in Houston). Thanks for your help! Mark   <Sep> Subject :  Confidentiality Agreement 
Email : Thanks for dealing with Tana on these issues. It is not entirely clear to me  what you want the policy to be regarding which counterparties have access to  Australian power products. You probably already know that the EnronOnline  people want every counterparty everywhere in the world to have access to  every product unless Credit or Legal can justify restricting their access. Credit already performs a financial test on each counterparty to determine if  they meet the CFTC Eligible Swap Participant requirements. Unfortunately,  that test is not as restrictive as the Australian tangible assets test. It  sounds like there should be a US$6 million tangible assets test applied by  Credit before we give any counterparty access to Australian Power (this would  be a total pain but certainly possible). On the other hand, if you feel  comfortable giving access to non-Australian counterparties  without that test  being performed, we can do that, too. Pleas let me know if we should ask  Credit to start performing this test on all counterparties or if it should be  limited to Australian entities.   <Sep> Subject :  EnronOnline access to Australian Power products 
Email : (h) Jurisdiction. Section 13(b) is hereby deleted in its entirety and=20 replaced with the following: (b) Jurisdiction. With respect to any suit, action, claim or proceeding=20 relating to this Agreement (=01&Proceedings=018), neither party (i) waives = any=20 objection which it may have at any time to the laying of venue of any=20 Proceedings brought in any court, (ii) waives any claim that such Proceedin= gs=20 have been brought in an inconvenient forum, or (iii) waives the right to=20 object, with respect to such Proceedings, that a court does not have any=20 jurisdiction over such party. Nothing in this Agreement precludes either party from bringing Proceedings = in=20 any jurisdiction, nor will the bringing of Proceedings in any one or more= =20 jurisdictions preclude the bringing of Proceedings in any other jurisdictio= n.=20  and just in case you need it:  (b) Agreement To Arbitrate:  Any claim, counterclaim, demand, cause of=20 action, dispute, and controversy arising out of or relating to this Agreeme= nt=20 or the relationship established by this Agreement, any provision hereof, th= e=20 alleged breach thereof, or in any way relating to the subject matter of thi= s=20 Agreement, involving the parties and/or their respective representatives=20 (collectively the =01&Claims=018), even though some or all of such Claims a= llegedly=20 are extra-contractual in nature, whether such Claims sound in contract, tor= t,=20 or otherwise, at law or in equity, under state or federal law, whether=20 provided by statute or the common law, for damages or any other relief, sha= ll=20 be resolved by binding arbitration. Conduct Of The Arbitration, And Authority Of The Arbitrators:  Arbitration= =20 shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act and conducted in accordanc= e=20 with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration=20 Association. The validity, construction, and interpretation of this=20 agreement to arbitrate, and all procedural aspects of the arbitration=20 conducted pursuant hereto shall be decided by the arbitrators. In deciding= =20 the substance of the parties=01, Claims, the arbitrators shall refer to the= =20 Governing Law. It is agreed that the arbitrators shall have no authority t= o=20 award treble, exemplary or punitive damages of any type under any=20 circumstances whether or not such damages may be available under state or= =20 federal law, or under the Federal Arbitration Act, or under the Commercial= =20 Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association, the parties here= by=20 waiving their right, if any, to recover any such damages. Forum For The Arbitration And Selection Of Arbitrators:  The arbitration=20 proceeding shall be conducted in [New York, New York][Houston, Texas]. =20 Within thirty days of the notice of initiation of the arbitration procedure= ,=20 each party shall select one arbitrator. The two arbitrators shall select a= =20 third arbitrator. The third arbitrator shall be a person who has over eigh= t=20 years professional experience in over-the-counter derivative products and w= ho=20 has not previously been employed by either party and does not have a direct= =20 or indirect interest in either party or the subject matter of the=20 arbitration. While the third arbitrator shall be neutral, the two=20 party-appointed arbitrators are not required to be neutral, and it shall no= t=20 be grounds for removal of either of the two party-appointed arbitrators or= =20 for vacating the arbitrators=01, award that either of such arbitrators has = past=20 or present minimal relationships with the party that appointed such=20 arbitrator. Confidentiality:  To the fullest extent permitted by law, any arbitration= =20 proceeding and the arbitrators award shall be maintained in confidence by t= he=20 parties.   <Sep> Subject :  jurisdiction 
Email : I haven't seen any of the press reports (even though I am in London and I  hear that's where they were) but I thought this was a well drafted response. The only additional rumours I have heard indicate that the police may have  been rough in their handling of demonstrators outside the fence at the plant  construction site. I remember hearing that there were times that the  construction workers feared for their lives because of the vehemence of the  protesters. I guess that didn't make it into the Human Rights Watch (ever  heard of them?) report. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  Human Rights Watch 
Email : We should probably start thinking about an agenda for this meeting if only so  that we can determine appropriate attendees and get it on their calendars. Do you have anything in particular in mind? Were you thinking  legal/regulatory/operations/business/marketing? Hope you're having a fun weekend!   <Sep> Subject :  October 2nd London Meeting 
Email : Hey guys - welcome home! At least I assume you're home by now. How was the  trip? I heard a bit about the departure but with any luck it must have  gotten better. Any hope you took digital pictures? I have already told Linda but I wanted you both to know how great I thought  your wedding was. There is no doubt in my mind that it was the most special,  beautiful, fun wedding I've ever been to. Magical doesn't seem like too  strong a word. Thank you very much for letting me be part of it. It's been  about 30 years since I had been to that part of the world - it's easy to see  why you enjoy it so much. I was serious about sailing in the Caribbean at Thanksgiving. If you are   <Sep> Subject :  Welcome home! 
Email : Dear John:  So sorry for the delay. I hope it hasn't caused too much inconvenience. I  would have called to apologize in person but believe it or not I don't have  your phone number! Here are my comments to the draft documents you sent:  Part 1 (b)  In our other derivatives trading, the cross default test applies  to Enron Corp. with a Threshold of US$100,000,000. To accomplish this in the  schedule, Threshold Amount for the Enron party would apply to our Credit  Support Provider if there is going to be an Enron Corp. guaranty and the  dollar figure adjusted accordingly. Part 1 (d)  Has Baker & McKenzie recommended this? We rely on local counsel  advice for this provision but our preference is that the termination in a  bankruptcy context not be automatic unless it needs to be. The risk in the  automatic situation is that the market moves significantly before we are even  aware of the situation, i.e. the outstanding transactions terminate  automatically, leaving us with an open, unhedged position which we are not  able to protect since we are not aware of it. In the U.S. the bankruptcy  code allows us to terminate after the filing of a bankruptcy according to the  terms of the agreement so we know exactly the time to rehedge. Part 1 (e)  We usually choose Loss here as the method which gives the  non-defaulting party the most flexibility. Market Quotation is often  suggested because of its apparent objective nature. However, in many of the  markets where we operate, quotations will not be available, where they are  available they may well not be meaningful, and the Loss method gives  flexibility (while still requiring commercial reasonableness). Part 1 (h)(ix)  This Additional Event of Default only applies when there is  no collateral annex. When we have the ability to ask for (or be asked for)  collateral in the case of a downgrading, we build that event into the  Paragraph 13 to trigger a reduction of the threshold to zero which requires  the posting of collateral to cover any open position. If the party fails, it  then becomes a default allowing termination. Part 1 (h)(x)  Wouldn't the cross default be triggered before this could  happen? Part 2  Have our internal Tax people approved this? Part 3  I am not familiar with the Representative Director concept or some of  the corporate documents referred to. Since Enron Corp. will be a Credit  Support Provider, does it have a Representative Director, etc.? The legal opinion requirement is one that we can waive if local counsel does  not think it necessary. In many non-US jurisdictions, local counsel have  advised that an opinion be obtained - in some cases derivatives transactions  are so uncommon that they might be outside the ordinary course of business  and therefore require special board approval; in others, derivatives would  not be permissible activities for a company unless express provision is made  in the corporate documents, etc. Part 5 (b) (g)&(h) These representations originate with CFTC rules in mind  (although they may be helpful for other reasons as well). If neither party  is in the US, the CFTC reason may go away. On the other hand, since we are   <Sep> Subject :  Japanese ISDA Documents 
Email : I saw this article on the internet and just in case someone cancels and you= =20 need any last minute ideas...    PLANNING CREATIVE LAW FIRM RETREATS By Daniel J. DiLucchio and Shannon Prown Over the years, retreats have been used for a number of purposes, including= =20 business planning, strategy development, consensus building and positioning= =20 reassessment. While the primary function of retreats formerly was strategic= =20 planning, law firms have discovered a variety of other reasons to hold them= .=20 General education, entertainment, continuing legal education, management=20 education, personal and professional skills development and other areas of= =20 interest to the members of a firm are some of the retreat topics in favor o= f=20 late. Careful planning and the articulation of clear objectives are the keys to= =20 conducting successful law firm retreats or off-site meetings. Yet, for thos= e=20 responsible for planning the retreat agenda, constantly developing new idea= s=20 is a challenge. The following table of topics is provided to assist retreat= =20 planners in designing creative, challenging and productive programs. The=20 general content or concept intended, the general format of the session and= =20 potential sources to present the program are also included. This list is no= t=20 intended to be an exhaustive account of every possible topic. The purpose i= s=20 to generate some new topic ideas. The following chart depicts some of our latest thoughts on retreat planning= . RETREAT TOPICS     Topic Content/Concept Format Source Marketing    Role Playing=20 Lawyers "role-play" client presentations, judged by clients or peers Interactive=20 Internal Resources or Clients Client Presentations Clients are invited to speak about their business environment and upcoming= =20 legal needs Lecture Clients Client Survey Results Presentation of client survey results, possibly followed by development of= =20 initial marketing strategies Lecture/ Interactive Firm Marketing Director or Consultant Public Relations "How to handle the press." Lecture Public Relations Firm or Consultant Corporate Counsel Views/Partnering What do corporate counsel really want from their law firm? Lecture Consultant or In- House Lawyer of Client Cross-selling Services: Principles, Tools & Tactics How to capitalize on cross- selling opportunities with the firm's client ba= se Lecture/ Interactive Consultant Entertainment    Comedian "Professional" humor Lecture/ Interactive Speakers Bureau Cartoonist Caricatures of lawyers enacting their favorite activity/fantasy One on One=20 Artist/ Cartoonist Sports/Entertainment Figure Popular sports or entertainment figure speaks about their experiences or a= =20 "cause" Lecture Speakers Bureau Motivational Speaker Self-help speaker may speak on a variety of topics Lecture/ Interactive Speakers Bureau Legal Education    Emerging Legal Issues Invite a law professor to discuss emerging legal issues Lecture Local University, Law Professor, Speakers Bureau or ABA Politics/ Government Invite a local politician or government official to discuss new or upcoming= =20 legislation Lecture Politician, Government Official State of Judicial System, Judicial Reform Invite a judge or court official to discuss the state of the judicial syste= m Lecture State or Local Courts, ABA Management Education    Alternate Billing Discuss alternate billing methods, the pros, cons and keys to successful=20 implementation Lecture/ Interactive Consultant Trends Learn about trends in the legal profession, including financial, management= =20 and business trends Lecture Consultant or Accountant TQM What are the principles of TQM? How do they apply to the legal profession?= =20 How do you initiate TQM in your organization? Lecture/ Interactive/Break-out Groups Consultant or Lawyer whose firm has implemented TQM Financial Planning Discuss financial strategies and profitability analysis Lecture/Breakout Groups Financial Planner, Accountant or Consultant Employment Issues Discuss changing employment laws and practices, e.g., ADA, discrimination,= =20 sensitivity training, etc. Lecture Labor/ Employment Lawyer, Consultant, Director of Human Resources, Law Professor International Opportunities Discuss current trends and opportunities in international expansion, joint= =20 ventures and affiliations Lecture Consultant, Professor Social Interaction    Myers-Briggs Myers-Briggs or other "personality" tests can be used to heighten awareness= =20 and understanding about co- workers Interactive Consultant or Psychologist Outward Bound Outdoors experience designed to encourage teamwork and enhance perspective Total Participation Outward Bound Habitat for Humanity (or other hands-on community improvement program) Participate in building (hands- on) low income housing Total Participation Habitat for Humanity, Local Church or Civic Organization Individual Interest    Asset Accumulation Income Management Make an investment counsellor available to meet with individuals to discuss= =20 how to best manage their personal income One on One Investment Firm or Individual Investment Counsellor Image/Etiquette Discuss proper dress, evaluate/critique an ensemble, etc. Interactive Consultant Retirement Planning Make a retirement planner available to meet with individuals to discuss how= =20 to plan for their retirement One on One Consultant, Investment Firm or Accounting Firm=20 Training    Delegation Learn how to develop younger lawyers, paralegals and staff through=20 appropriate delegation Lecture/ Interactive Consultant Stress Management Symptoms of stress and how to eliminate/ overcome them Lecture/ Interactive Consultant Rainmaking Demonstrate how to develop personal selling skills Lecture/ Interactive Consultant Teambuilding Roadblocks to teamwork and how to overcome them to build effective teams Lecture/ Interactive Consultant Time Management Basic organizational and time management skills needed to be productive in = a=20 busy law firm environment Lecture/ Interactive Consultant Conducting Performance Reviews How to use lawyer or staff evaluations as a strategy for mutual success Lecture/ Interactive Consultant Supervisory Skills Basic supervisory skills and how to get the desired results from those we= =20 supervise Lecture/ Interactive Consultant Technology Training Training can be developed for research, document management or other=20 technology tools Interactive Software Representative, Computer Support Group or Technology Consultant  DiLucchio, Daniel J. and Shannon Prown. =01&Planning Law Firm Retreats.=018=  Report=20 to Legal Management. Altman Weil Publications, April 1994.   <Sep> Subject :  Probably too late for this but.... 
Email : Approved re: monitor. What is our policy on printers for lawyers? I know a  number of people (including me) have them but I don't know how that happens.   <Sep> Subject :  "Thin" Computer  Flat Screen 
Email : It's not looking good for getting back to you today on this - shaping up to  be a very bad day and we need to coordinate with Credit for their responses  as well. I have a call in to John Suttle and have forwarded the revised  draft to him. We'll do what we can. I saw your reply to my previous note. On this one point:  It strikes me as disingenuous to say that they don't have the internal  systems for csa's with nonfinancial counterparties - the same systems would  work for nonfinancial parties as well as financial parties. IBJ is the most  sophisticated Japanese player in the derivative market and one would believe  that they could handle the documentation for both financial and non-financial  entities. I note, I have heard that it is not market practice for Japanese  financial institutions to provide collateral to non-financial institutions,  so it may be very difficult for them to alter their position. I understand. My view is just that it is probably not a systems issue but a  position and it irks me to have the point made as a systems issue when it is  not. As we both agree, the  issue may be moot depending on what Credit  thinks.   <Sep> Subject :  IBJ 
Email : I've chartered in the BVI a number of times and it is a great place to take  beginners. I only caught your post of yesterday so didn't see the earlier  thread. I'm assuming you're picking up the boat in Road Town or nearby. The  only problem with getting away from the dock by 12 or so is if the boat isn't  quite ready. I've always used the Moorings so they're the only outfit I  know. They don't usually let you get started on the boat until after the  chart briefing which means you don't go aboard until 10. If you use their  provisioning service it eases that chore but sometimes the food isn't there  right on time. Having several people (but not too many) around this time is  helpful to put food away, take inventory, attend boat briefing, etc. Of  course, if you get the boat the day before - maybe with a sleepaboard option  or some such, you have that much more certainty that everything will be done  on time. Check with your charter company about attending the briefings  before sending the last person off to the airport - some companies may  require 2 people from your boat to attend. As for first day - if you are away by 1 I suggest heading over to the Bight  on Norman Island. There are lots of moorings there and you'll get one as  long as you're not in too late. It shouldn't take more than a few hours to  get there and if it looks like it might be close you can always fire up the  engine. There are a couple of places (a beach bar and a boat) to eat and  drink there if you don't feel like cooking the first night and although you  can't call it deserted or even secluded because of the number of boats there,  there is at least very little ashore to bother you. The caves are just  around the corner and the Indians right outside for great snorkeling/diving  either that afternoon or first thing the next day. Whether you go clockwise or counterclockwise doesn't really matter. My  advice running roughly clockwise:   skip Soppers Hole - just a commercial port with little of interest (unless  you're clearing customs);   skip the USVI - all the clearing out & in & out & in can take a lot of time  and there's plenty to do in the BVI - if you just have to go, the northern  shore of St. John is the best - nice anchorages (several of the 'secluded'  variety) without the crime on St. Thomas and the resort at Caneel Bay will  let you come ashore for a fancy dinner (but make reservations and leave your  trash on board - there's nowhere to put it);   Jost van Dyke is fun - anchor in Great Harbor or pick up a mooring in Little  Harbor - Sydney's Peace & Love restaurant in Little Harbor still has an honor  bar where you mix your own drinks & just keep track in his little black book  while you're waiting for dinner, Foxie's in Great Harbor is a classic beach  bar/rest. - lots of fun and good food & drinks;    Sandy Cay is everyone's image of a desert island and perfect for a lunch stop  and a swim;   don't miss Cane Garden Bay (unless the northerly swell is too heavy) there's  a wonderful swath of pure white beach with palm trees swaying overhead and  steel drum bands serenade you into the evening - watch the reefs but the  channel in is well marked;   if there's a full moon be sure to be on Tortola somewhere that night (Cane  Garden works fine) to get to Bomba's Shack for the party - there are lots of  taxis there as the evening progresses to get you back;   it's easy to pick people up (or drop them off) at the airport (close to the  water with a dinghy dock) midweek if you need to and kind of fun to be met  that way;   the Baths are a must but VERY crowded (no anchoring allowed - must use a  mooring) so I'd try to get there as early in the day as possible (Cooper  Island, Marina Cay and area by Last Resort are nearby for the night before) -  maybe get up early, motor or sail over and have breakfast once you're safely  moored - and be careful to use the right color mooring and avoid the ones  reserved for commercial craft;    I usually skip Spanish Town (Virgin Gorda Yacht Harbor) since I'd rather be  at anchor than stuck in a marina slip with no breeze, but if you stay there  you can get a taxi to the Baths and top off with water in case your crew is  not serious enough about fresh water conservation (and what crew ever is? );   the Bitter End is great for a long hot shower (I think you pay at the resort  front desk) and maybe a 'fancy' dinner and there is also a water dock there  (10 cents a gal.?). Sometimes it seems like the distances are so short you don't get to sail  enough - you shouldn't have any trouble getting a lot in (but you won't be  able to see everything). The only difficulty might be if you need to get the  boat back in for an early flight but I've let people out at Cane Garden Bay  to take a taxi to the early flight & then sailed around to have the boat back <Sep> Subject :  BVI 
Email : I sent Amanda & Bill an e-mail a couple of weeks ago and here is Bill's  reply. I sent him a fairly detailed note on how we usually schedule things  and which were the best times of year, etc. I haven't heard anything from  Amanda and was beginning to assume they were not really interested in a  November trip. Have you heard anything firm from Virginia? Bill's  next-to-last paragraph tells me that he's getting to know Amanda - but I  don't think she'll leave him alone for the holiday. The real question is  whether her uncanny ability will extend to his schedule, too. If they still  want to go we'd better make travel plans soon - that Thanksgiving Sunday is  notoriously difficult to get seats. If you'd rather wait until Jan. or Feb.  that's fine with me too. Just let me know.   <Sep> Subject :  Sailing 
Email : I've been to Argentina - what can I tell you about it? We need to get  sailing soon! Ever get to Houston? I have a boat here but don't sail too  much - just working too hard. Hope you're well!   <Sep> Subject :  Hey Greg 
Email : I have read about the Super Maramu 2000 and note from your website that you  have a location on the Mediterranean in France. I will be in Southern France  September 23 through 25. Would it be possible to visit you in Hyeres during  that time? Is an appointment necessary? Mark Taylor 1322 Rutland Street Houston, Texas  77008  (713)863-7190 (home) (713)853-7459 (work) (713)646-3490 (fax)   <Sep> Subject :  Visit in Hyeres 
Email : Your new offices will be ready in a week or so. We anticipate your moves  will take place over the weekend of September 29. Joy Davis will coordinate  your moves and can help with obtaining boxes, etc.   <Sep> Subject :  Office Moves 
Email : Marc -  Bummer - this is the last message I'm sending and then I'm out the door for  the airport. We're on our way to France - not back until 10/4. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  rsvp 
Email : Kathy:  Please issue a guest user id to Bob Lawrence at Milbank Tweed Hadley &  McCloy. Bob is  a lawyer helping us with various EnronOnline matters  including Broker Connect. His e-mail address is rlawrence@milbank.com. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  guest id 
Email : It looks to me like another case of an obvious error (i.e. the counterparty  should have known it was a mistake). I'm afraid we've just been lucky that  the numbers have been so far off - some day we're going to have one that is  too close to call obvious.   <Sep> Subject :  Correction to PG&E Spread Trade 
Email : Please use the PEP system on your computer to suggest reviewers by the end of  the day tomorrow at the latest. It is important that your reviewers have  enough time to fill out the reviews and the system closes for that purpose at  the end of next week. If you have any questions or are having trouble  accessing the system, please let me know.   <Sep> Subject :  Year End Performance Reviews 
Email : Hello from Texas. It's probably been about six years since we last spoke but  I thought I'd drop you a line to see how you were doing. I saw Pete Datos  for brunch when I was in town a couple of years ago and he seemed to be fine  but I have been very bad about staying in touch with people. Ted Bockius & I  are still together - he works at an internet start-up company doing their  public relations work. I'm still a corporate lawyer at Enron working on  financial contracts and e-commerce stuff. I get to nyc 3 or 4 times a year  so we should get together for a drink or a meal some time and catch up. Hope you are well. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  Voice from the past..... 
Email : I decided I needed the book we discussed so I went online to Amazon.com  and ordered it! While there I found references to a number of books I  tought you might be interested in:  the Hornblower series by C.S. Forester the Bolitho stories from Alexander Kent the Drinkwater series from Richard Woodman (e.g., "An Eye of the Fleet") the Ramage series from Dudley Pope Revolution at Sea Trilogy/James L. Nelson Lobscouse & Spotted Dog : Which It's a Gastronomic Companion to the                      Aubrey/Maturin Novels                       by Anne Chotzinoff Grossman, Lisa Grossman Thomas   <Sep> Subject :  Maritime Novels 
Email : Peter:  Here is our first attempt at EnronOnline Long Description language for the  double transaction calendar spread product. We had to guess at several  aspects. Please let me know if we got close. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  Double Transaction Calendar Spread Swap 
Email : Thanks so much for the Christmas present. Everyone is enjoying it very  much. Bob Bruce's first reaction was "Wow -- I hope this isn't in lieu of   <Sep> Subject :  Merry Christmas! 
Email : Thanks for your notes. Just so you know, I have the Polo Sport perfume and a  Victoria's Secret gift certificate for Emily. Were there lists for you and  Dad? I can't seem to find them.   <Sep> Subject :  Christmas Lists 
Email : In case you haven't already looked at the Fee Agreement draft, here is a  slightly revised version. Also attached is a revised BETA. The changes  marked in the BETA are a combination of the commercial guy's comments and my  revisions of those comments (hopefully marked separately). Unfortunately I  didn't get the changes in the Fee Agreement marked.   <Sep> Subject :  Broker Connect Agreements 
Email : Here is your conversation with my revisions marked (deletions struck through,  insertions in bold). Hope this helps but feel free to call or write with any  questions or comments:  A:   The CFTC regulates futures contracts and certain kinds of option  contracts. SP:  What's a futures contract? A:  It is a contract for the sale of a certain kind of  commodity through a  regulated  exchange. SP:  How is the contract different than a non-futures contract? A:  Ahem,   just for your information, we call the non-futures contracts  forward or over the counter contracts. The big difference is that the  forward contract does not must go to delivery while futures contracts do not. SP:  I though the futures contracts went to delivery. I remember getting all  messed up on the gas side with delivery of NYMEX futures gas at the Henry  Hub, and what about those stories of a guys getting a load of soy beans  dumped in their front yards? A:  Well, er,  yes they do sometimes  go to delivery, but they are not really  supposed to relatively few of them go to delivery. They are supposed to   more frequently (actually the vast majority of the time) net out as financial  transactions. It's that option of settling financially that distinguishes  the futures contract. SP:  Well lets get to the point,  why are physical buy sells so bad? A:  That's easy. Because they look like futures contracts. They are not  intended to go to delivery. And if you are trading in futures contracts you  are supposed to be doing it on a CFTC regulated exchange. SP:  So what you are saying is that if we deliberately net out our physical  deals and never intend to even try to schedule delivery under them we are  trading in futures contracts and could be subject to regulation by the CFTC? A:  You've got it. But it's even worse than that - federal law says that a  futures contract which is not traded on a regulated exchange is illegal: not  only could the CFTC come after you but your counterparties could use that law  against you to get out of performing. So you can think of each contract like  that as having written a free option. SP:  Well how much physicality do we have to have to make it a forward  contract? A:  What do you mean? SP:  Well, if we settled physically one day a month but financially the other  29 days, would we have a futures contract? A:  Oh for Christ's sake I've had it. I'm telling you once and for all that  physical buy sells are futures contracts and you can't do them now get the  hell out of my office!--   <Sep> Subject :  Forwards vs. Futures 
Email : Marc,  Here's a draft reply to your latest e-mail, which I would send to all those  copied on your note to me. What do you think? Marc,  We have sought, and paid for, advice from Indian counsel concerning commodity  derivative transactions with Indian counterparites. We have had that advice  updated and confirmed in connection with this proposed transaction. The  result of that advice is that we will require an opinion from DPC's outside  counsel that the proposed transaction is enforceable against DPC before the  transaction can proceed. While I have no legal objection to sending a form  of L/C that would be acceptable to us, it doesn't make much sense to go  through the exercise if DPC will not be providing the necessary opinions. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  Reply to e-mail 
Email : In light of the rising frequency of human-grizzly bear conflicts, the Montana Department of Fish and Game is advising hikers, hunters, and fishermen to take extra precautions and keep alert of bears while in the field. We advise that outdoorsmen wear noisy little bells on their clothing, so as not to startle bears that aren't expecting them. We also advise outdoorsmen to carry pepper spray with them in case of an encounter with a bear. It is also a good idea to watch out for fresh signs of bear activity. Outdoorsmen should recognize the difference between black bear and grizzly bear dung. Black bear dung is smaller and contains lots of berries and squirrel fur. Grizzly bear dung has little bells in it and smells like pepper. You guys around this weekend?   <Sep> Subject :  Bear Alert 
Email : Dan -  I left you a voice mail about this contract. Can you let me know who the  best person would be to review one of these for Brent? Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  translation 
Email : Marc,  The game starts at 7:30. Why don't we stop by to pick you up at a little  before 7:00. Let me know if this presents any problems. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  Rockets 
Email : Carolina,  I have finally received my tickets. I will arrive at Ezeiza on United  Airlines flight #761 on Sunday, March 14 at 11:15 a.m.  Can you arrange to  have a driver meet me at the airport? I will be staying at the Sheraton. Thank you very much for your help. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  Arrival in Buenos Aires 
Email : P.S. - If you do get in touch with Kartini, please send her my regards. I'm  pretty sure she still likes me in spite of the way Skadden's relationship  with her ended.   <Sep> Subject :  Kartini 
Email : Could you guys please get in touch with Andrea Bertone in Sao Paolo & send  her copies of our forms that might be useful in coming up with appropriate  documentation for this transaction. Sara - you should probably discuss with  her the regulatory situation and make sure we can actually do this. Brent  may have some information as well. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Brazilian Power Trading Contratcts 
Email : Scott:  I have a call scheduled with Martin for tomorrow morning to discuss these  CFTC  issues. I'll let you know how it goes. I have also not forgotten your request for my view on Martin's tenure in  Houston. I have mixed feelings that are difficult to put down in writing and  I'm hoping we can take a few minutes in New Orleans to discuss. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  CFTC issues in Norway 
Email : Hey Jeff:  I just saw your email address on the Monmouth web site. I didn't realized  you were at Mayer Brown. I don't even know if we've talked since I left New  York (almost 5 years ago). I'm now in the legal department at Enron Capital  & Trade Resources in Houston where my group is responsible for the legal  issues in derivatives trading here. I don't get to Chicago often but if they  ever send you down this way, be sure to look me up! C., F. & S.,  Mark   <Sep> Subject :  Hello! 
Email : Torrey:  I am the lawyer in ECT legal responsible for our relationship with the NYMEX  and monitoring our compliance with NYMEX position limits. Phillipe Travis  tells me you may be able to help him in preparing the reports of our  positions with the option delta factored in. Thanks very much for your  assistance. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  NYMEX Positions 
Email : Suzanne:  Please send an e-mail to all of the lawyers and paralegals in the ECT Legal  Dept. asking them to reserve the conference dates and asking them to let you  know their t-shirt sizes. Once you have everyone's t-shirt sizes, please  give the list to Dan. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  e-mail to conference attendees 
Email : FYI: One of our legal consultants has mentioned that another of his clients  is setting up an internet derivatives trading system. They are using an  outfit called Intuitive Products International based in New York and London  to assist with system design. Tana Jones (x33399) will be setting up a demo  by these folks with our legal department needs in mind - if you'd like to  attend, we'd be happy to have you and ask them to expand their presentation  to include internet trading.   <Sep> Subject :  Internet Trading Consultants 
Email : Cynthia:  As you know, the Bankruptcy Code revisions never made it through the recent  Congress. I understand they bogged down in the final days over issues which  were essentially irrelevant to us in ECT. I'm not sure you are aware of the  importance to our trading business of certain of the other proposed  revisions. We anticipate that the revisions will be reintroduced in the next  Congress and are beginning to think about ways that we can influence the  outcome this time around. Are you the right person in your shop for us to  talk to about this? If you could let me know, I'd appreciate it. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Bankruptcy Code revisions 
Email : Just a thought:  I'm assuming it will be too difficult to build in customized  credit provisions on a counterparty by counterparty basis on-line - but if  there are master agreements in place, the  credit provisions contained in  them would apply to on-line trades. The availability of the on-line system  may therefore encourage more master agreements since the Credit Dept. will  limit a counterparty's trading volume until credit terms can be imposed.   <Sep> Subject :  On-line Trading 
Email : I currently have a 28800 modem but would like to get the fastest (within  reason) modem we have available for a Compaq LTE 5280. Please let me know if  this is the kind of thing I can get by Friday since I leave for London Friday  afternoon and would like to take the computer (complete with modem) with me. If the new modem is not available in that time frame, I at least need a new  pigtail for the existing card since the old one is broken. Thanks and please charge 413/1157.   <Sep> Subject :  Modem Order 
Email : We're home this weekend - might go sailing (you're welcome to come if you  want) but nothing big planned. I'm in NYC next Wed - Sun., T's in a swim  meet in Atlanta next weekend, NYC after that. Nothing planned for the 26/27  weekend & still toying with the idea of Seattle for the 4th.   <Sep> Subject :  Plans... 
Email : Here's a very rough draft of a set of slides we might use. Let me know if  this is even close to what you have in mind. I can have one of our  paralegals and our graphics dept. fill in whatever we need and make it look  good tomorrow. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  ISDA workshop 
Email : Jeff:  In preparation for his meetings with Commissioner Newsome and Congressman  Stenholm, Mark H. has asked for  information including a bullet point list of  our key issues and any appropriate background material. I have prepared a  draft issues list which is attached. Would you please take a quick look at  it and see if there is anything you think should be added and then forward it  on to Mark? He probably also needs the final itineraries. Thanks for your  help. Mark T.   <Sep> Subject :  MEH Meetings with Newsome & Stenholm 
Email : Just a quick note to give you as much warning as possible. The next phase of  the office construction project will begin in a little over a week. There is  good news and bad news. First the bad: the office which you currently occupy  will be in the next construction phase. Now the good:  it looks like we  will probably have a place for you to sit until your new office is ready. Taffy Milligan will submit the move request (for next Friday - Jan. 12) and  will have details directly. Your assistants can help you order boxes and  arrange your move.   <Sep> Subject :  Construction Schedule - Office Moves 
Email : Enron Online Transactions . Any member of the Envera Network (an =01&Envera Network Member=018) who = is a=20 customer of EOL may submit to EGM an irrevocable offer to buy or sell any= =20 petrochemical, natural gas liquids, or plastics product that is then traded= =20 by EGM on EnronOnline, on the standard terms and conditions (including=20 without limitation quantity, quality, shipping dates and payment terms) as= =20 are established for such products on EnronOnline=01v, at a price that is be= tween=20 the bid and ask prices then posted by EGM on EnronOnline=01v, with such off= ers=20 being a binding commitment by such Envera Network Member to complete the=20 proposed transaction on the same trading day (as trading days are determine= d=20 by EGM). EGM agrees to conditionally accept such offers, subject to the=20 following requirements and limitations:  Current Envera Network Members (as of the Closing Date) may submit such=20 offers on or before the first anniversary of the Closing Date, and not=20 thereafter. Any Envera Network Member who first becomes a member after the= =20 Closing Date but before December 31, 2001, shall have until the first=20 anniversary of its membership agreement with Envera in which to submit such= =20 offers, but not thereafter. Any Envera Network Member who first becomes a= =20 member after December 31, 2001, shall not be entitled to submit any offers = to=20 EGM under this Section 8.2. All of EGM=01,s obligations under this Section=  8.2=20 shall expire no later than December 31, 2002. The irrevocable offer by the Envera Network Member must be placed as a lim= it=20 order on EnronOnline=01v and made irrevocable until the end of the trading = day=20 in writing (by facsimile or otherwise) or otherwise in accordance with the= =20 standard confirmation procedures of EGM. In no event will EGM be liable fo= r=20 any failure to complete any limit order or trade. =20  The Envera Network Member must be a registered user of EnronOnline=01v and= =20 qualified to trade in the product that is the subject of the offer, all in= =20 accordance with the standard terms established by EGM or EnronOnline=01v. EGM will accept or reject the offer on or before the close of the trading= =20 day and will communicate such acceptance or rejection to the Envera Network= =20 Member; if accepted the transaction will be completed through EnronOnline= =01v. =20 EGM's acceptance or rejection may be based on EGM=01,s ability to reverse t= he=20 trade with a third party or otherwise fully mitigate the risk created by th= e=20 trade, and on such criteria as EGM applies to such trades generally,=20 including without limitation its evaluation of the credit risk of such Enve= ra=20 Network Member based on EGM's standard credit policies then in effect. Any trades of similar products by EGM shall be independent of the=20 transaction offered by the Envera Network Member. EGM's trades will be for= =20 its own account and in no event shall EGM trade for or on behalf of the=20 Envera Network Member. Neither EGM nor EOL will charge the Envera Network Member any transaction= =20 fees with respect to such transaction. The aggregate number of transactions that EGM will be obligated to accept= =20 pursuant to this Section 8.2 shall not exceed one hundred (100) per Envera= =20 Network Member, and shall not exceed an aggregate of five thousand (5,000). No offers shall be accepted by EGM under this Section 8.2 after December 3= 1,=20 2002. No transactions under this Section 8.2 will be executed if, in the sole go= od=20 faith judgment of EOL or EGM, upon advice of its counsel, the result or=20 effect of which may be that any of EGM, EOL, or EnronOnline=01v, their=20 Affiliates or any of their respective businesses (i) could become subject t= o=20 regulation under the Commodities Exchange Act, as amended; (ii) could becom= e=20 subject to regulation by the Commodities Futures Trading Commission; or (ii= i)=20 could become subject to any regulatory proceeding, investigation, action,= =20 inquiry or review.   <Sep> Subject :  Section 8.2 
Email : I have a conflict with the Friday morning call this week. Any chance you  will be covering it? I know you guys are busy this week.....   <Sep> Subject :  Friday ISDA call 
Email : Tana has pointed out that Net Works does not have a policy (at least not one  we have heard of) regarding the handling of original contract documentation  after it is executed. There is not an Enron-wide policy but instead a  patch-work of policies created by the operating units. Tana and I would be  happy to discuss this with you - or whoever you want to designate - and make  suggestions if you don't already have a plan in mind.   <Sep> Subject :  Net Works Documentation 
Email : The EnronOnline team has asked if we can discontinue sending copies of the  GTC's when EnronOnline transactions are confirmed. They have suggested a  sentence be added to the confirmation to the effect that it is subject to the  GTC's which can be accessed on the website. Any thoughts?   <Sep> Subject :  EnronOnline Transaction Confirmations 
Email : As you are all aware, the legal department has grown significantly over the  last several months. While so far we have been able to find places for  everyone to sit, we have not added significantly to the available file  cabinet space on the floor. In fact, a number of file cabinets are now in  locations where they will not be able to remain due to fire code requirements. Please review the files you currently have stored outside your own office  space and, after condensing, archiving and destroying as many as possible,  give an inventory of your current usage and needs to your group leader. Once  we have an accurate picture of our needs, we can come up with a plan to  allocate the available file cabinet space. Most if not all of us will have  to make significant sacrifices and modify our filing practices so that we  each reduce our file space usage to our fair share.   <Sep> Subject :  File Space 
Email : I spoke with Susan Bulgawicz again today. She relates the following points:  Gensler has been subcontracted to do interior space planning and design for  the new building generally While our work is probably in addition to that already agreed (and will  therefore be billed to us) it should be covered by an amendment to the  existing agreement rather than a new, separate agreement Bill Donovan feels that the design and space planning work should be done as  near in time as possible to the actual construction work to avoid having to  redo the work (and pay twice) to take into account new factors not apparent  earlier (e.g. organizational and technology changes) Bill's view is that we are 3 to 6 months premature at this point in doing  this work for the legal department  Susan suggested that you might want to call Bill to discuss this and talk  about how you want to move forward.   <Sep> Subject :  Space Planning for the new building 
Email : They don't have the exclusive line (brand new) boat for our week but they do  have this one. If you can get in the night before we can actually stay on  the boat and leave early in the morning - effectively getting an extra day of  sailing. If you want to check it out online, their website is  www.moorings.com and the boat is a 463. There's some good stuff on the site  for people who've never been before - Bill might find it comforting.   <Sep> Subject :  Moorings quote 
Email : I have taken a stab at a Legal & Privacy Statement for the Broker version of  EnronOnline. Please take a look and let me know what you think. Justin - I  don't know if or when they expect to launch something like this in Europe but  I expect it won't be long. Mark G. has been working on the Broker version of  the ETA (the "BETA") and a Fee Agreement which we can send along.   <Sep> Subject :  Broker Legal & Privacy Statement 
Email : Just wanted to say hello. I hadn't heard from you lately and wondered how  things were going. Have you moved out of the hotel yet? I know how  depressing it can be going home to a hotel room every night. Even though the  hotel where I lived for the first three months I was in Jakarta was very  nice, it was still just a hotel room. I was so glad to get out of there into  an apartment - major quality of life improvement. We've been just busy enough for me this month: Austin for a couple of days on  Presidents' Day weekend, a Rockets game last Friday, and we're off to the  Diverse Works annual gala on Saturday. Ted wants to leave town to do  something - anything - next weekend but I'm trying to talk him out of it  since we're taking that week-long cruise starting the following Saturday. Since my arguments carry no weight, I'm just lucky that air fares are  surprisingly high right now - $1000 rt to Ft. Lauderdale is even too high for  Ted. Ted's brother is working on a  project here in town so we had him over the  other night for dinner. Ted had planned - can you guess - tuna steaks,  having conveniently forgotten that his brother is allergic to fish. How do  you just forget something like that? Luckily they went to the gym ahead of  time and Ted mentioned what was on the menu so they stopped at the store and  bought his brother a steak on the way home. That nice January bump in Enron's stock price is ancient history now - pretty  much the whole thing has been given back. I'm still going to buy a new car -  looks like an Audi A6 - but just one. Hope you are doing well! Mark   <Sep> Subject :  Hi Jim! 
Email : Marcus -   I understand you are the new physical power online lawyer - lucky you! Here's one that the EOL people are anxious to get covered. I'd be happy to  sit down and go over exactly what all this means and you'll probably want to  talk to Tana a bit as well. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  EnronOnline - Power Spread Long Description 
Email : I will be on vacation from Monday the 19th through Monday the 26th (returning  to the office on Tuesday the 27th). My cell phone and pager will not work  either at sea or in the countries I will be visiting. I can be reached via  Maritime Communications Network at (877)225-7447 - you will need to give my  name and the name of the ship - Celebration. Since the rates are around $10  per minute, I don't plan to check my voicemail as often as usual but will  call in when in port.   <Sep> Subject :  Vacation Memo 
Email : David -   I haven't had a chance to look at this yet but thought I ought to send it on  to you. I will be out of the office (vacation) until the 27th and didn't  want to lose the entire week. Mark  ps - I lost all of my voice mails the other day and I think there was one  from you regarding a possible conflict - my understanding is that we're just  assigning a bunch of transactions over from one party to another and in that  case I tend to think there's no problem.   <Sep> Subject :  ETA Amendment 
Email : I have not yet done the performance reviews for several people in the group. They are due by the 28th. Please schedule 45 min. for me with each of Sara,  Mary, Brent, Carol and Bob Bruce on Tuesday afternoon or Wednesday morning.   <Sep> Subject :  Performance Reviews 
Email : I found this on a sailing magazine web page:  An acquaintance who is a professor of literature at Stanford brought Patrick  O'Brian to my attention, claiming him to be the finest living author writing  in the English language. Being an avid reader who had consumed about  everything including, of course, all of Forster's Hornblower books, I had my  doubts. But after an increasingly mesmerizing reading of all of the sixteen  O'Brian Aubrey/Maturin novels then in print with ever mounting captivation  and awe, I wholeheartedly concurred. After a second reading of the entire  series which revealed to me previously undiscovered depths and glories I felt  compelled to pay down the debt I owed this author for the wonderful,  life-enriching experience he had given me. Since O'Brian obviously loved the  sea, it occurred to me to write offering him a fortnight's cruse aboard my  Perini ketch, the 154 foot Andromeda la Dea, for himself and his friends  without any interfering presence from myself. I asked Danielle Steel if she thought O'Brian would be offended by receiving  such a letter and her interesting reply was, "I get about 20,000 letters per  year from readers and I have yet to receive a single one offering to do  anything for me - he will be delighted even if age and circumstances prevent  him from accepting." So I wrote via his publisher, having literally no idea  where in the world he lived, and after some forwarding delay I received his  handwritten reply, in his fine and precise penmanship, saying "I accept your  kind offer with perhaps obscene haste." As Mr. O'Brian was to give a lecture tour of the United States in early 1995  that included San Francisco, I invited him to dinner the week of his visit  and I first saw him in person when I attended his lecture in Herbst Hall. His  host was the poet laureate of America (Robert Haas). I was both charmed and  alarmed when introduced to O'Brian's lightening quick wit and rather acerbic  manner. The following evening he and his wife, Mary, came to my house in Belvedere  for a 'literary' dinner with admirers and one or two other authors. Mr.  O'Brian was utterly charming, if perhaps a little aloof. He took tremendous  interest in an Admiralty Board (dockyard) model I have of an English First  Rater of 1702. He understood everything about that ship and greatly augmented  my own knowledge. After the other guests departed, we settled into a series  of brandies by the fire and I discovered: 1) his capacity for serious  drinking greatly exceeded my own; 2) his reserve only eased very slightly in  the presence of this unknown American (me) and; 3) his knowledge of the  practical aspects of sailing seemed, amazingly, almost nil. After a half liter of cognac had vanished (and we were still calling each  other Mr. O'Brian and Mr. Perkins), I produced a chart of the Mediterranean  and we began to discuss the agenda for his cruise. I had learned that the O'Brians' home was in Collioure, a village on the  Mediterranean coast of France just north of the Spanish border, in Basque  country. The harbor of Port Vendres lies nearby, where Andromeda could pick  all of them up. O'Brian then suggested a cruise circumnavigating Sicily, a  stop in Greece, dropping by Beirut and winding up with a comprehensive tour  of the Balearic islands. I was stunned! How, I wondered, could this old salt  possibly comprehend a tour of over 3,000 nautical miles with numerous port  calls, in only 14 days in a yacht capable of only about 12 knots? As I began to explain the physical limitations of time and space he added a  desire to drop the hook in Naples, Capri and Tangiers as well. While I could  not reconcile this plan with reality, I assumed it was the wine in control  and then I was both startled and pleased when he added at the evening's end  that he had a major non-negotiable condition to accepting my offer; namely  that I personally would join him, Mary and their guests aboard my yacht. ? In May 1995, as the departure date appoached, I had a rough time getting  Andromeda to the tiny and picturesque Port Vendres in time to pick them up. Every time I have been in the Gulf of Lions, I have been pasted and this was  one of the worst. Andromeda broke her inner forestay and lost all  telecommunication as well, but after a real dusting we made it and O'Brian  and Mary showed me around the village and offered a lunch at their modest and  charming home. He took tremendous pride in his wine made from his own grapes,  pressed and fermented in barrels in his cellar. I was fascinated by his  office, where the books were written. It was lined floor to ceiling with  reference works on an array of subjects (botany, geography, zoology,  medicine, etc.) in several languages, but not a single volume dated later  than 1820. He was literally immersed in the period of his work. The following morning we were joined by his close friend, the scholar (and  foremost authority on Peeps) Richard Ollard, his publisher Stuart Proffit and  his agent Vivien Green. We finalized our itinerary with the decision to visit  all the Balearic islands and O'Brian, somewhat wistfully, asked if an  additional stop in Istanbul would not be possible? Told it was not, he  boarded radiating the impression that I was something of an Indian giver,  short-changing him on his yachting holiday. Underway to Menorca beneath a sunny sky with a twenty knot following wind,  the <Sep> Subject :  O'Brian article 
Email : Bill -  If Sam's description below of the GCP procedure is correct, it looks to me  like something needs to be changed. The difficulty lies in the fact that the  confirmation system reads the counterparty's name from Global Counterparty. Since divisions of companies are not legal entities they do not have the  power to contract in their own names. If the correct legal name is not in  Global Counterparty, the confirmation goes out with the wrong legal name on  it seriously compromising the contract itself. That is the source of Tana's  concern regarding the correct entering of divisions in the system. My suggestion is that Global Counterparty use the same name that the customer  has signed on the EnronOnline Password Application -- my understanding is   <Sep> Subject :  Urgent - Counterparty Divisions: Cargill Ferrous International 
Email : Ken -   I have a question about the interpretation of this paragraph of the  EnronOnline Legal & Privacy Statement. Maybe we can talk about it when we  talk about the clearing issue. 14. In the course of your use of this website, you may provide, or Enron may  otherwise obtain, information about you or your business activities. By using  this website, you expressly consent to Enron (1) using this information to  assess the function and performance of this website, to assess the needs of  its customers, to market Enron's products and services and for the other  purposes set out in this paragraph 14, and (2) transferring this data to  Enron subsidiaries throughout the world for the purposes specified in (1)  above. Any information which you provide or which Enron otherwise obtains  will be used solely by Enron and will not be sold or made available to third  parties, with the exception of the third parties providing data processing or  similar services to Enron, or in connection with Enron's provision or  marketing of products and services to you.   <Sep> Subject :  Legal & Privacy Statement 
Email : We have reservations with Eric, the golf pro, on Friday afternoon at 3:00. He thinks 4 or 5 holes will takes us 1 1/2 to 2 hours. We don't have to play  just holes 1 through 5 but can pick and choose -- based to some extent on   <Sep> Subject :  Reservations 
Email : You always make me laugh. Why don't you just pay for you. You've been footing the bill for Amanda &  her friends all these years; it's your turn to take a break! By the way, I don't remember pointing out that she is spoiled - thinking it  often enough, but not pointing it out. Of course we both know how my tongue  loosens and my memory locks up in direct proportion to the volume of alcohol  consumed.....     "Linda Hayman" <LHAYMAN@skadden.com>  05/03/2001 05:51 PM        To: <Mark.Taylor@enron.com>    cc:     Subject: Re: Fwd: St. Regis cost   speaking of this bucket. I think it is lovely that you are giving Amanda a  graduation gift but -  trust me -  should would rather have another pair of  earrings than have a free seat for me on the boat. I didn't even know you  when I graduated so it is much too late to give me a graduation present. Won't you let me pay half ( the half of the boat that Bill and I are  occupying)? As you have pointed out amanda is too too spoiled. Did anyone get you a yacht when you graduated?   <Sep> Subject :  spoiled?  did I say spoiled? 
Email : From marshallconsultants.com  SENIOR MEDIA RELATIONS PROFESSIONALS with the savvy to deal with varied and= =20 sensitive issues needed for the leading organization in one of North Americ= a=01, s top spectator sports.? Work will require heavy travel to sporting events= =20 across the country =01) in some cases as many as 30 weekends per year away = from=20 home base.? Salaries are open, starting at about $80K but potentially going= =20 higher than that. (Contact Justin Meyer) ? Email Justin Meyer   <Sep> Subject :  ad 
Email : As you already know, it's that time again. Since I am leaving on vacation  Friday morning, please use the system to input your suggested reviewers no  later than noon tomorrow (Thursday) so that I can approve them and get the  process started before I leave. Sorry for the inconvenience. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  Performance Review Process 
Email : Ken Raisler will be here on Monday, May 21 to conduct several training  sessions for the weather and steel trading desks. If you can work it into  your schedule, please try and attend one or more of these sessions. Brent  will have further scheduling details. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  Trader Training Sessions 
Email : Thanks for forwarding all the e-mails while I was out last week. I found  this one in my in-box when I got back this morning. Is it yours?   <Sep> Subject :  Graham's leaving date 
Email : Julia sent me a copy of your memo following up on one of the questions asked  at the session earlier this week. I would like to ask a follow-up question:  Do we lose the benefit of the special treatment under the bankruptcy code  when we enter into cross-product (i.e. physical and financial products)  netting and joint credit support arrangements. If we agree with a  counterparty to net all of our trading exposures under multiple agreements  (swap agreements and gas, power, steel, coal, etc. trading agreements) to  determine how much credit support should be posted and then only ask for a  single LC that supports the whole shebang, do we lose this protection since  arguably we are no longer just "under a swap agreement?"   <Sep> Subject :  Letters of Credit; Preference; Swap Transactions 
Email : I've got three undeveloped rolls of film in my car that I keep meaning to get  developed but always forget until I'm not in the car. I'll get around to it  one of these days. My address is:  1322 Rutland St. Houston, TX  77008  (713)863-7190   <Sep> Subject :  The Bitter End 
Email : It turns out that quite a bit has been happening without us so we may be  inundated with information over the next day or so. Let me know if the  message below does not come through in color since it will be difficult to  decipher. Louise is quite anxious to finalize the ETA, PA and Read-only PA and I  explained that we were still waiting for the proposed changes from London. Knowing Louise I have a feeling we may see that stuff soon. Since we seem to be a bit behind schedule, Louise agreed that an all-hands  legal meeting next week might be premature and she is contacting the London  team to discuss scheduling. I'll let you know as soon as I have anything  more to report on the calendar. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  Registration Process Questions 
Email : From the NYT article:  The business that Thomas D. Gros is building for Enron remains untested. But his entire career seems to have been aimed at the opportunity. He studied aerospace engineering, worked as an analyst for the Central  Intelligence Agency, earned an M.B.A. and set up a natural-gas trading  operation -- competing against Enron -- for British Petroleum. He also did a   <Sep> Subject :  Tom Gros 
Email : Paul:  Since the recent pet coke swap (deal 8025) is really a US deal, we should  probably do the documentation here. Would you please send me a copy of the  confirm for the coal swap you worked on for us to use as a starting point? Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Coal Swap 
Email : Here are the most recent versions from Clifford Chance. They were sent to  Sullivan & Cromwell yesterday to be "Americanized" and are still drafts with  a number of open issues yet to be resolved - so we can easily make changes as  necessary to solve issues you may raise. The PA = Password Application - to be signed by counterparty & sent to us  before a password is issued. The ETA = Electronic Trading Agreement - to be agreed to online before  trading is permitted. The ROETA = Read Only ETA - to be agreed to online by persons wishing access  to the site to view but not trade (probably misnamed - should be ROPA or  something that doesn't sound like they'll be able to trade).   <Sep> Subject :  Online Trading Agreements 
Email : I will be handling the derivatives side of the ETOL transaction this time so  future communications should probably come to me directly. I will be  reviewing the ISDA draft this weekend and it would be helpful if I could get  some sort of description of the overall transaction. Is there a term sheet  or executive summary of the deal? If so, my fax # is (713)646-3490.   <Sep> Subject :  ETOL 
Email : I've gone back through the ISDA Credit Support Annex and the "green book" and  my conclusion is that unless we modify the standard form, we have to give an  Independent Amount back to the counterparty when we go out of the money far  enough (note that the definition of Exposure results in a negative number  when we are out of the money reducing the Credit Support Amount below the  Independent Amount). The theory there is that as the market moves against  us, we are cushioned by our "out-of-the-moneyness" and will be able to ask  for support as the market moves back in our favor before we are actually in  the money. I'm afraid that Credit has been operating under the assumption  that we get to keep Independent Amounts until the Transaction terminates. We  need to set up a system with Credit so we all know what is meant on the  credit work sheets -- i.e. whether a cushion or up-front amount should be   <Sep> Subject :  Independent Amounts 
Email : One day a cat dies of natural causes and goes to Heaven. There he meets the  Lord himself. The Lord says to the cat, "You lived a good life and if there is anyway I can make your  stay in Heaven more comfortable, please let Me know." The cat thinks for a moment and says, "Lord, all my life I have lived with a  poor family and had to sleep on a hard wooden floor." The Lord stops the cat and says, "Say no more," and a wonderful fluffy  pillow  appears. A few days later six mice are killed in a tragic farming accident and go to  Heaven. Again the Lord is there to greet them with the same offer. The mice answer, "All of our lives  we have been chased. We have had to run from cats, dogs, and even women with brooms. Running, running,   running;  we're tired of running. Do you think we could have roller skates so we don't have to run anymore?" The Lord says, "Say no more," and fits each mouse with beautiful new roller  skates. About a week later the Lord stops by to see the cat and finds him in a deep  sleep on the pillow. The Lord gently wakes the cat and asks him how was he doing. The cat replies better  than I could have ever expected. And those Meals on Wheels you've been sending by are theeeeeeee best!!!"   <Sep> Subject :  You can see it coming..... 
Email : I think this is the most recent version of the ETA. Obviously, this is the  UK version and Sullivan & Cromwell are turning it into a US document. The US  version will be governed by NY law and contain an arbitration clause. We're  also trying to figure out how much to say about the confirmation process  since it may vary from product to product and will almost certainly be  different from the UK version. Speaking of which, I was surprised to find  that they have the telephone conversation (and in this case the web site  records) control over a confirmation which has been signed by both parties. What's the practice in your part of the world? One alternative is to insert  the language (or something like it) that we use in financial trading which  says that we will send a written confirm, gives the counterparty a short time  (2 or 3 days) to respond and indicates that silence will be deemed  acceptance. Would that work for your deals? Anyway, I'm in NY today and tomorrow, back in the office on Wed.  Louise is  insistent that the GTC's be available to be uploaded this weekend. I'll be  calling in periodically tomorrow and will try to get you since I'm sure you  will have issues to discuss - and now is the right time to get changes made  to the ETA if necessary.   <Sep> Subject :  Revised documentation 
Email : Here is a revised version of my draft GTC's for derivatives transactions (I  think marked from the draft I left with you). Any comments or suggestions? I've promised these to Louise by Friday. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Derivatives GTC's 
Email : My apologies for any confusion resulting from my e-mail yesterday. While the  GTC's must be finished this morning, Legal's revisions to the short and long  descriptions are not due until Friday August 6. I think it would make sense  for us all to get together to discuss how these work early next week. I will  ask Taffy to set something up. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  Online Trading Product Descriptions 
Email : Louise,  I hope you had a pleasant weekend in N.O. If you have a few minutes to  spare, I'd like to get together with you this afternoon  to talk about the  weather deal documentation. As I tried to draft up the standard GTC's I  realized there are more variables in these transactions than are currently  listed in the short & long description lists. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  Online Weather Transactions 
Email : 'Twas The Night Before Christmas as written by a lawyer  'Twas the nocturnal segment of the diurnal period preceding the annual  Yuletide celebration, and throughout our place of residence, kinetic activity  was not in evidence among the possessors of this potential (party of the  first part), including that species of domestic rodent known as Mus  musculus. Hosiery was meticulously suspended from the forward edge of the  wood burning caloric apparatus, pursuant to our anticipatory pleasure  regarding an imminent visitation from an eccentric philanthropist among whose  folkloric appellations is the honorific title of St. Nicholas (party of the  second part). The prepubescent siblings, comfortably ensconced in their respective  accommodations of repose, were experiencing subconscious visual  hallucinations of variegated fruit confections moving rhythmically through  their cerebrums. My conjugal partner and I, attired in our nocturnal head  coverings, were about to take slumberous advantage of the hibernal darkness  when upon the avenaceous exterior portion of the grounds there ascended such  a cacophony of dissonance that I felt compelled to arise with alacrity from  my place of repose for the purpose of ascertaining the precise source thereof. Hastening to the casement, I forthwith opened the barriers sealing this  fenestration, noting thereupon that the lunar brilliance without, reflected  as it was on the surface of a recent crystalline precipitation,  might be  said to rival that of the solar meridian itself - thus permitting my  incredulous optical sensory organs to behold a miniature airborne runnered  conveyance drawn by eight diminutive specimens of the genus Rangifer,   piloted by a minuscule, aged chauffeur so ebullient and nimble  that it  became instantly apparent to me that he was indeed our  anticipated caller. With his ungulate motive power traveling at what may possibly have been more  vertiginous velocity than patriotic alar predators,  he vociferated loudly,  expelled breath musically through contracted  labia,  and addressed each of  the octet by his or her respective cognomen -  "Now Dasher, now Dancer..." et  al. - guiding them to the uppermost exterior level of our abode, through  which structure I could readily distinguish the concatenations of each of the  32 cloven pedal extremities.   <Sep> Subject :  night before christmas 
Email : Here is the spreadsheet which lists all of the existing counterparties  proposed to receive access to the online trading system. Louise has asked us  to identify for each counterparty those products from which, for legal  reasons, such counterparty should be restricted. As you might expect, our  goal is to have as few restrictions as possible. Since it is so wide, you may find that it is easier to modify the spreadsheet  (by hiding various columns) in order to print it out. If you need any help  in this regard, please let me know.   <Sep> Subject :  Counterparties versus Product Type Matrix 
Email : I'm looking forward to seeing you Friday night. I'll bring along some  sailing info. but thought I'd let you know now what we've got in mind. Dan &  Jamie are lined up so if you guys are still interested there would be 6 of  us. We have gotten a quote for a relatively new 46' sailboat in the British  Virgin Islands for the week of Thanksgiving. We'd fly down there on Saturday  the 20th, pick up the boat the next day and return either Saturday the 27th  or Sunday the 28th. [The return date is still under discussion - so far we  have (i) Jamie who wants to fly Saturday so we have a day at home before  going back to work, (ii) Mark who likes to spend as much time on the boat as  possible so wants to come back Sun., and (iii) Ted who when he heard the  question said "Let's start back Saturday and spend the night in South  Beach!"] The charter company is the Moorings (their website is  www.moorings.com) and the specific boat we reserved is called a Moorings  463. You can see a floor plan and photos on the web but the boat has three  separate double cabins each of which has its own bathroom. Each day's schedule is usually pretty flexible - get up whenever (I seem to  remember Jamie getting up pretty early & making coffee), have breakfast on  the boat, decide where to go and sail off to the next island we've picked  out, maybe stopping at one or two interesting looking spots on the way, maybe  not. Maybe stopping for lunch somewhere, maybe making sandwiches while we  sail and maybe waiting for lunch til we stop for the day. Most days we only  actually sail for a few hours and are anchored in a little bay by 2 or 3:00  and spend the afternoon swimming (Ted's favorite), snorkeling (the masks,  etc. come with the boat), hiking on shore, exploring the coastline in the  dinghy or sitting around on the boat or beach reading, chatting, napping or  whatever (my favorite). There's a CD player and we listen to a variety of  music - luckily Ted has so far been able to restrain his heavy metal  proclivity for the duration of the trip. If you scuba dive there are dive  companies that will come meet the boat and take you on a dive trip - there is  at least one really good wreck dive (in 70 - 90') in the BVI. If you want to  learn to dive, you can take the classroom and swimming pool instruction in  NYC and do your certification dives in the BVI (Dan & Jamie might be diving,  Ted & I probably won't). Sunsets are often spectacular and signal cocktail  hour for me. There's usually at least one restaurant on shore in most of  these anchorages where we go for dinner but the charter company stocks the  boat with food (there's a fridge, stove & bbq grill on the boat) and as you  might guess Dan and Jamie are pretty good cooks so we can always eat on board  if we don' feel like going ashore. While no one is excluded from any  activities and everyone can participate in planning the itinerary, we don't  always do everything together, either. Everybody usually pitches in and  shares what work (cooking, cleaning up, sailing stuff) there is, although if  only from our keen sense of self-preservation you and Ted probably wouldn't  be expected to cook. In the past Jamie has been the only smoker and he has  invariably confined his habit to the downwind portion of the deck. As for $,  the boat, provisioning (food on board for breakfast lunch and a  few dinners), taxes, airport transfers and a hotel room for the first night  we get there all comes to about $760 per person. Extras include drinks (only  fair since you and Jamie won't be imbibing as much as the rest of us) and any  dinners ashore and of course the dreaded airfare. I've tentatively got   flights for you (through the boat company) that come to $544 per person,  though if we decide to come back on Saturday that might go down. Ted & I  usually try to see if there is some way to use frequent flyer miles but we're  not always successful. It's such a popular week to sail we need to decide  pretty soon so we can put a deposit down - the boat is not actually reserved  until we do. I'd better stop & send this - it's turned out to be a good bit longer than I  intended but I get carried away sometimes when I daydream about sailing! Check out the website & let me know if you have any questions.   <Sep> Subject :  Friday/Sailing 
Email : Marcus:  When we were in New Orleans I mentioned that I might be planning a holiday in  Germany - well, I've finally gotten around to scheduling it. I'm flying into  Munich on the 27th and leaving from Amsterdam September 9. If you are going  to be in the office next Monday or Tuesday (when I'll be in the London  office), I'd really appreciate a few minutes of your time to get whatever  suggestions you would like to make. If you will be out next week, maybe we  could chat by phone tomorrow or Friday. Thanks!   <Sep> Subject :  Holiday in Germany 
Email : In order to complete the approved list of counterparties fo the new online  trading system I need a list of master agreements you have negotiated that do  not have all the necessary representations (e.g. trade option exemption) and  definition references to permit trading energy commodity derivatives. Friday  noon would be soon enough. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Restricted Mater Agreements 
Email : Hey Yao! How are you doing these days? We never see you anymore. I'm going  over to London on Saturday - any chance you'll be in that part of the world? On a business note, we are getting set up to trade energy commodities and  derivatives online and one of the things we have to do is figure out what we  can trade with each potential counterparty. Do you remember negotiating any  master agreements for ECT that did not contain the necessary elements for  trading energy commodity derivatives? In particular I'm thinking about  things like the trade option exemption representations and the commodity  derivatives definitions provisions. Thanks!   <Sep> Subject :  Restricted Master Agreements 
Email : Here is the North American legal issues list I prepared for Mark. He  actually called me down to ask for it yesterday (my first day back no less). Obviously I've kept it to just the major areas where there might be residual  legal risk. He seemed satisfied enough with the format. I explained that I  had mentioned his request to you and that you were working on a European  version which might turn out to be somewhat longer since you have so many  jurisdictions to deal with.   <Sep> Subject :  Legal Issues List for MEH 
Email : The Online Trading IT people have sent us a revised version of the long  descriptions and a document spelling out the "rules" for how they are put  together. Louise is asking for our final comments by close of business on  next Wednesday (August 18th). Since I will be out of town then, please  forward your comments and/or approvals directly to Mark Dilworth. Questions  can be directed to Mark Dilworth, Marcello Romano or Louise Kitchen, all on  the online trading team.   <Sep> Subject :  Product type long definitions - legal review 
Email : Joao -   I'm making another business trip to Brazil - this time just to Sao Paolo. I'll be there Tuesday to Thursday of this week. Any chance you will be  nearby? I tried to arrange a meeting in Rio too but unfortunately our office  there is quite small and the only people I need to see will be in Sao Paolo  then. I also still get to London every once in a while. Let me know when  you are there - maybe we can have dinner. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  Trip to Brazil 
Email : Mark -  Would you be available to sit down with me Monday morning (say  beginning at 10:30) to go over the spreadsheet? I have quite a few comments  on the financial transaction items that I was able to understand and several  questions on areas I haven't yet been able to decipher. I am particularly  concerned about the Weather Products generally and the Floating Prices for  all financial products (the Index tab). If you could let me or my assistant  know so I can work out my calendar for the day I'd appreciate it (I've  blocked out 2 hours but it might not take that long). Unfortunately I'm  leaving town mid-afternoon so I have to get these wrapped up. I'm at x37459. Thanks!   <Sep> Subject :  Long Descriptions Spreadsheet 
Email : Could you please send Tana the list of countries from which online trading of  derivatives with ECT is permissible. She is trying to complete the  Counterparty spreadsheet for Louise. Thanks!   <Sep> Subject :  Approved Countries for Online Trading 
Email : Please note that Mark Dilworth's demonstration scheduled for tomorrow morning  (11:00 EB2601a) will not be of the entire EnronOnline system but will focus  on the portion of the system that builds the long descriptions. The system  now builds the entire long description from the various elements - most of  which we have already reviewed - and displays them as they will be viewed by  counterparties online. It is particularly important that the lawyers  responsible for the long descriptions and the GTC's attend so that we can  complete the review process. If you can not attend, please let me know so we  can set up a time for Mark to show you how to access the system. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Wednesday Online Trading Meeting 
Email : Dave:  One item that was left open after my meeting with Mark D. this morning was  what the Index should look like and how much input we have had from the  confirm desk. My inclination was that the index should be the same language  that we currently use in the confirmation on the theory that the GTC taken  together with the long description should result in a complete, unambiguous  contract. Mark felt that the index should provide a more complete  description than the short description abbreviation but that the full legal  text could wait for the paper confirm. Given Mark's view as to how this field should be dealt with, it may be that  the confirm desk has in fact looked at all of these and said they look fine  as far as they go and has not attempted to correct them with the full legal  language. Mark said he would be contacting you himself but I thought it might make  sense to give you my version as well. What are your thoughts? If you'd like to discuss, I will be in by 9:00  tomorrow but have a meeting at 10 and then the meeting with all of the  lawyers and Mark to discuss the further long description review at 11. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  Long Descriptions - Indexes 
Email : Just a 'heads up' - there is now no doubt that there will need to be some  major revisions to the index language. I am meeting with some of the folks  from the confirm desks this afternoon to get them started on a further  review. Can you please arrange to have the following people given access to  the Product Manager:  Jeff Sorenson Dale Neuner Bob Bowen Lynn Shivers Kevin Sweeney   <Sep> Subject :  Online Indexes 
Email : Can you guys please send over a copy of the questions that were submitted to  local counsel in Europe relating to the online trading project? Alan needs  it for Australia and Louise has asked me to deal with Columbia. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Local Counsel Questions 
Email : Here are several of the contracts we are planning to use for the online  system. I wish I could tell you these are the final (or even the most  recent) versions of the documents but things have changed so frequently that  I'm afraid these may not be quite up to date. They do have the advantage of  being in my directory and therefore available to send to you today. I don't  think the final changes will be significant but if you want to use these as  starting points, please let me know so I can be sure you have the latest  material. The PA is the Password Application which is the only document the prospective  counterparty actually signs by putting pen to paper. The first time the  counterparty logs on to the system with its approved password, it is required  to agree to the ETA (Electronic Trading Agreement) by clicking on an "I  Agree" box after scrolling through the agreement. The GTC's are the  contractual terms that apply to online transactions if there is no master  agreement in place. Legal will have the ability to restrict a counterparty  to trading only certain products online if we feel it is necessary. While  most financial transactions will be governed by GTC's that look like our  "Omnibus" documentation, the weather derivatives look more like a "Deemed  ISDA." One final complication, the credit group has asked us to create two  sets of documents: one for highly creditworthy counterparties which will have  no credit provisions included and a second set for counterparties credit is  not quite comfortable with which will contain a provision allowing us to call  for collateral if we choose.   <Sep> Subject :  Online Trading contracts 
Email : Here is my first cut at an Issues List for Wednesday. Let me know what you  think. My meeting with Mark H. has been moved up to 1:00. He may want to get you on  the phone then but I don't really know.   <Sep> Subject :  Oct. 6 Issues 
Email : We have not decided "to prevent any regulated utility from completing any  financial transactions" online. If we have already satisfactorily concluded  the necessary due diligence with respect to a particular utility, they will  be approved. It is only with respect to those utilities which have not yet  been researched that we are withholding approval. The due diligence required  involves asking the utility for certain information concerning their  organization and regulatory situation, hiring local counsel in the relevant  state and having research done into the laws and regulations in place there  and into any public utility commission orders respecting the particular  utility in question, and on occasion requesting an opinion letter from the  utility's counsel. We usually begin that process only when a trader believes  there is a likelihood of a sufficient volume of trading with the utility to  justify the time and expense. FYI, the due diligence process has in the past  revealed circumstances which prevented the utility from trading derivatives  or required actions to authorize such trading which had not been taken. A recent count showed about 10 executed master agreements and another 30 to  40 in one stage or another of the due diligence/negotiation process. Louise Kitchen   <Sep> Subject :  Online Derivatives Trading with Regulated Utilities 
Email : How does the New Product Type Approval process work? We have received  several test messages but it is not clear how we look beyond the short  description in the e-mail to see the long description (can the short  description be set up as a hyperlink to the web-site?) or how we are supposed  to respond (my attempted reply was rejected as undeliverable).   <Sep> Subject :  Procedures for New Product Type Approval 
Email : I was glad to see that the next Monmouth meeting was rescheduled for a time  other than December. I guess Monmouth is a little harder to get to than  Chicago but it will be nice to see the campus again. I'm going to be in New York Nov. 1 & 2. Any chance of getting together? Mark   <Sep> Subject :  Good Morning! 
Email : We are getting very excited about the BVI. It's hard to believe it's only 5  weeks away. I try to think about it whenever the stock market gets me  depressed (which is happening with altogether too much frequency these  days). I see you guys got hit with a triple whammy today. Oh well, can you  say "buying opportunity"? I'm coming to NYC for a conference in a couple of weeks - any chance you guys  are free for dinner on Sunday the 31st? We also need to talk about $  sometime soon since I made the final payment on the boat a couple of weeks  ago. Have you made your hotel arrangements (we still have a room reserved  for you for the night of the 20th which you won't need if you've made other  arrangements - and we can always get you a room there for the last night if  you want)? And there's still the beverage list (you did get my fax, didn't  you?). T. sends regards. Hope you're well and not letting the market roller-coaster  get you down (my mantra is "think long term, think long term, think long  term"). Mark   <Sep> Subject :  Hi Greg! 
Email : Today's simulation has been postponed to next Wednesday. Unfortunately, they  have not yet opened the system to the entire web - you have to be on the  Enron intranet to get access. If you want to see it badly enough, I might be  able to arrange something for you in our NY office (midtown) otherwise I'll  let you know when they roll it out onto the web. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  EOL Simulation 
Email : Let's go for dinner Monday night. With any luck I'll be able to get to the  airport for a plane back to Houston Tues. night. "Mark_Kopinski/INTL/ACIM/americancentury"@americancentury.com on 10/14/99   <Sep> Subject :  Dinner 11/1/99 
Email : I feel confident putting myself in your hands. As long is it's not  stratospheric, I should be able to get Enron to pick up the tab. Please go  ahead and book whatever you think would be good. Just let me know when &  where to go! "Mark_Kopinski/INTL/ACIM/americancentury"@americancentury.com on 10/21/99   <Sep> Subject :  Dinner 
Email : Lucy:  Tana tells me you are looking for some guidance as to which Enron entity  should be used for booking trading transactions with various counterparties. There are a couple of general rules that apply to "normal" trading  circumstances and I'll spell them out below, but remember that these are not  hard and fast rules and may go straight out the window when circumstances  vary (even just a little bit) from "normal." For example, abnormal  situations exist where the trading transaction is in connection with another  transaction with an Enron company (e.g. a financing or equity investment),  the counterparty has a legally justifiable desire to trade with a certain  Enron company, the product being traded is only traded by a particular Enron  company or the counterparty is in a jurisdiction outside the country where we  are trading (except as spelled out below). Having said all that, the  following rules (generally tax driven) can be used as general guidelines:  1. If there is no master agreement in place between the counterparty and an  Enron company, the trade should be entered into on behalf of the Enron  company based in the country where the Enron trader is when the trade is  concluded and, if there is any hope of further trading with the counterparty,  Credit and Legal should be notified to negotiate a master agreement. Of  course, if the counterparty is outside the country where we are trading,  Legal should be consulted ahead of time (there are some countries where  derivatives are actually illegal, special procedures must be followed or  can't be done by us from the U.S.). 2. If there is a master agreement between the counterparty and either ENA or  Enron Canada, and the Enron trader is in the U.S. or Canada, the trade should  be entered into by the trader on behalf of the Enron company that is party to  the master agreement. If the trader is outside of the U.S. or Canada, other  rules may apply. 3. If there is a master agreement between the counterparty and ECT  International (usually only European counterparties), and the Enron trader is  in the U.S. or the U.K., the trade should be entered into by the trader on  behalf of ECT International. Note that there are special considerations if  the trader is in the U.K. based on U.K. regulatory issues (the trade is  actually "arranged" by Enron Europe Finance and Trading Ltd. on behalf of ECT  International). If such a master exists but the trader is not in the U.S. or  U.K., the trade should be handed off to a trader located in one of those two  countries for final negotiation and execution. It would be a good idea to  consult with Legal or Tax if this comes up for more specific advice. These general rules relate to which Enron entity should be the legal  counterparty to the transactions. This doesn't determine where within the  Enron family the actual risk should ultimately reside. If we want the risk  to be in an Enron company other than the Enron counterparty for contractual  purposes, an intercompany transaction should be booked (probably through RMT)  to get the risk in the right place.   <Sep> Subject :  Enron Entity for Financial Trading 
Email : Tana forwarded the following message on to me since she will be out of the  office for the next week or so. We are not familiar with any of these companies or their activities or  operations. You might want to check with Kate Cole's office to see what she  knows.   <Sep> Subject :  European Reorganization 
Email : Here's the current forecast for Lenny. Shouldn't be  a major problem for us  but I feel for folks scheduled to go down there tomorrow and Thursday. Bruce - we're still keeping our fingers crossed that your permit will come  through. Are you sure you've got the right lawyer working on this? Seems  like he ought to be able to shake it loose somehow. Anything at all we can  do from here?   <Sep> Subject :  Lenny 
Email : The Moorings people asked me to call back tomorrow when they'll have a better  idea about the storm situation - they canceled all of their charter starts  for today & tomorrow (no surprise) and she expected Thursday's to cancel  also. They still have everything for the weekend scheduled to go out but  they weren't supposed to confirm any hotel rooms between now and Saturday. They were able to confirm a room for you for Sunday the 28th (the day we have  to bring the boat back). I'll let you know what happens when I get through  to them tomorrow. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  BVI Hotel Rooms 
Email : Please see the following note from Sheila Walton. She has asked that the  forms be returned to her by November 25th. They can be sent interoffice mail  or by e-mail. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Vice President Feedback Measurement Report 
Email : Bruce - I just had another thought (they come so rarely I feel a need to pass  them along as soon as it happens). The Full Moon party we discussed before  is on Nov. 23. Unfortunately it is in the BVI. If your lawyer can get the  permit by Monday and Fed Ex it to us, we could still get over there (Bomba's  Shack is on the western end of Tortola - reasonably close to the USVI). The  boat will have a cell phone but we won't have a number till Sunday at the  earliest. Be sure to bring the lawyer's number so we can call him Monday. Mark  P.S. -  My sympathies on your day at Federal Plaza. My imagination isn't up  to the task of conjuring how miserable that must have been.   <Sep> Subject :  Bomba's Full Moon Party 
Email : Good News:  Lenny weakening - max. winds down to 130 mph and pressure rising Bad News:  The darn thing won't get moving - still just drifting a bit to the  north & east  It's hard to describe which islands we care about on those maps - they're all  so small they almost don't show up on the maps. Luckily St. Thomas is to the  west and a bit north of Lenny's current position  Here is a San Juan radar image that has St. Thomas marked and one of th  recent forecasted path maps.   <Sep> Subject :  Lenny 
Email : I'm not sure which e-mail address you are using so I figured I'd send to both. Here is my itinerary for Christmas travel:  Friday 12/24    Continental 4126  Leaves Houston 7:55 am  Arrives Cincinnati  11:20 am Sunday 12/26  Continentat 4122  Leaves Cincinnati 5:45 pm  Arrives Houston  7:25 pm  These are Continental Express flights - I don't know if that makes a  difference in terminals in Cincinnati or not - it does in Houston. I got your message at home, my SSN is *********   <Sep> Subject :  Christmas flights 
Email : Enron rings opening bell for bandwidth      exchange       By Corey Grice      Staff Writer, CNET News.com      December 2, 1999, 5:40 p.m. PT        The opening bell has rung for a new kind of exchange. The currency? Bandwidth. A subsidiary of energy industry giant Enron, Enron Communications, today  opened the      doors to a bandwidth commodity exchange. The company first announced its  intention to      sell space on high-speed networks as a commodity in May. Traditional commodity exchanges sell goods like  oil, natural                             gas and grain. Enron has taken this concept and  given it a                             telecommunications spin, offering space on  high-speed                             networks to communications carriers. In the past, carriers looking to fill holes or  service gaps in                             their networks would have had to enter long-term  contracts                             with other carriers to fulfill their bandwidth  needs. The                             exchange, Enron says, acts as a sort of middleman  for                             carriers to find short-term contracts or quick  fixes as they                             complete network construction or try to manage                             heavier-than-expected network traffic. For example, Global Crossing plans to sell  capacity on a                             high-speed fiber optic link between New York and  Los                             Angeles over the exchange. Enron also expects to start an international bandwidth trading market  next May. Separately, RateXchange, a similar bandwidth exchange, demonstrated its  own      commodities trading system at a telecommunications conference in New  York today. RateXchange predicts that the trading of bandwidth and other  telecommunications products      could become a $8 billion market by 2002.   <Sep> Subject :  Bandwidth Exchange article 
Email : Jeff:  Here are the draft definitions and the list of which companies are to review  which definitions. They have asked for our comments by the 15th (next  Wednesday). Please let me know if you have any questions. Thanks!   <Sep> Subject :  Draft of the Supplement to the 1993 Commodity Derivatives  Definitions 
Email : Sorry we've been out of touch lately. We were on vacation (sailing in the  Virgin Islands) the week of Thanksgiving and were pretty busy getting ready  for it the week or two before that. There was a big swim meet in San Antonio  last weekend that T wanted to see so we drove out for that (yawn). I didn't even know you were leaving BA! I knew you had been sort of looking  around for a while but didn't realize you had made a decision. What's the  story? We're planning to have people over (it's the egg nog time of year) on the  18th - I'm guessing 8 - 10 pm but we'll let you know the details.   <Sep> Subject :  Hi! 
Email : I would like to consider some counterparty-specific agreement to solve this  problem. What do you think of a side agreement among both KN entities and  Enron which specifies that a user ID and password have been issued to both of  KN's legal entities jointly and severally and that transactions for certain  products (e.g. all financial products) entered into under that user ID and  password will be deemed executed by KN Trading (their financial trading  entity) and all others will be deemed executed by KN Marketing (their  physical entity)? Do you see any problems here? Issues re: joint & several  liability under the ETA but not the Transactions? Let me know if you need further clarification of the problem. I haven't run this by Louise yet - she may raise system or commercial  objections. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  Assignment Issue 
Email : Let me check with Mr. B.  I don't think we have any specific plans - probably  last minute shopping/wrapping. We're both leaving on Thurs. and returning on  Sun.   <Sep> Subject :  Christmas Eve Eve 
Email : Mark H. has asked me to prepare an outline of an "acceptable" regulatory  framework for OTC energy derivatives that we could use as a fallback position  next year. Here is a draft I've come up with. Any suggestions?   <Sep> Subject :  Fallback Regulatory Position 
Email : This will summarize our conversation this morning in which you asked if there  was a problem with your purchase of an equity investment (through a private  placement) in an internet/communications company. My response was that Enron  prohibits the trading by employees of (i) any security on the Restricted List  maintained by the Compliance Group, (ii) any security, instrument or  commodity within that employees area of responsibility and (iii) any energy  commodity. I suggested that you contact Donna Lowry to confirm both my  understanding and that the security in question is not on teh Restricted List. While I did not mention it on the phone, I should point out that it would be  unwise to take a position in a competitor of Enron's that would (or might in  the future) give you control or the appearance of control or influence over  the management of that competitor.   <Sep> Subject :  Equity investment by ENA employee 
Email : I received the attachment you sent to me at Christmas but was not sure how  well it worked for you to recieve them. I took a roll of film to be  developed and they had a special on having the photos returned on a disk as  well as prints. I though they were the Christmas pictures that I could send  to you right away - but it turns out it was an old roll.   <Sep> Subject :  Photos 
Email : I tried to send this to your juno address and it came back. Just in case you  are home, I also received the following from the PR department a few minutes  ago: Be sure to watch Chairman and CEO Ken Lay on Fox News today. He will appear  on "Our World" with Neil Cavuto at 4:30 p.m. CST to discuss Enron's year-end  financial and operating highlights.   <Sep> Subject :  Photos 
Email : Here's a draft of a termination letter. I'd be happy to see what everyone  thinks before we use it. For instance, what tone are we aiming for? If we  want to be all legal and hard-nosed, I can throw in ETA section references,  etc. or if we want to be softer we can emphasize other trading opportunities  within Enron and possibly explain our reasons for the termination. Let me know what you think.   <Sep> Subject :  Draft EOL Termination Letter 
Email : There are about 15 - 20 pages you would probably want to see. If that's not  too many for you to receive I don't mind faxing it. You can always call me  from the office with the fax number when you're ready - I can even leave it  with my assistant when I'm away from my desk in case you get her instead of  me. It's finally winter here, too. Of course that's nothing compared to you guys  - it might get down into the 30's at night and 40's in the daytime. It's  only really bad when it's that cold and it rains. Brrrr. It was probably  pretty smart of Delta to send those planes to Cincinnati since as a hub they  could probably get them on connecting flights to wherever they were  originally headed more easily from there than anywhere else (of course a lot  were probably headed to NYC and the flights there the next day must have been  packed!). Aside from a quick one-day trip to New York I haven't had to do any traveling  lately - I'll probably be going to Portland in early March and Amsterdam  mid-March. I may try and get to South America sometime in February but  nothing is scheduled yet. Love, Mark   <Sep> Subject :  MetLife info. 
Email : Dear Schuyler:  It seems to me that you used to chair a seminar put on by the Euromoney people on swap documentation. We used to send our new lawyers and more experienced paralegals to the introductory course and the more experienced lawyers to the advanced course. It appears that Euromoney is no longer putting this on. Are you doing something similar through another provider? Mark Taylor   <Sep> Subject :  Swap Documentation Seminar 
Email : The system is certainly not set up to accommodate that now but we could  probably draft around it on a case by case basis. It strikes me that while  we might be able to come up with a legal framework that would allow for this,  the credit considerations are more problematic. I would guess that the back  office will also be unhappy about having to manually rearrange all of the  trades. This really seems like it is similar to the Aquilla problem in some  respects. When we suggested allowing one entity to trade for another, Credit  was quite concerned because the system wouldn't be able to check the  appropriate headroom. I suppose Credit could just assign the lowest headroom  for any of the eligible entities to the entire relationship - would  that be  acceptable to everyone? Another possibility is for the fund to set up a  master trading entity which does the trades with us and then does back to  back deals with whichever entities need the allocations. That would let them  do a large transaction on EOL and then smaller transactions with the other  entities. Of course, the master trading entity would need to qualify for  credit on its own somehow. Guarantees from anyone other than the owner would  be difficult (upstream guarantee problems).   <Sep> Subject :  One Password - multiple legal entities 
Email : We met with the commercial team this afternoon and I was able to piece  together the following:  Access to the auction site will be by clicking on a button on the EnronOnline  (note spelling) trading page. Most users of the site will already be signed up for EnronOnline - both a PA  and ETA executed. Other users will be given a user ID and password that give them "guest"  access to EnronOnline and trading access to the auction page. On the auction page the users may submit their offers to transact (either to  buy or sell) with Enron. The page will list a reserve price and identify the  number of credits to be auctioned. We are willing to commit to transact up  to that number with the best bidders (at or beyond the reserve  price) but  may transact larger volumes if we choose. Users' offers may be submitted at any time during the auction period (this  time frame remains a bit unclear - probably one day, possibly a week or more)  and must remain binding until the close of the bidding and determination of  winning bidders. Certain uncreditworthy users may be required to post a deposit in the full  amount of their offer to buy. It is not yet clear if we will publish the offers after the fact (maybe just  the winning offers - all without names of course) or even during the auction  period but we would like to have that option. I'm sure I've missed a few points but that gives you the flavor. Harry is  preparing the "GTC" for the actual purchases and sales - I assume based on  our standard contracts for these products. We need to put the legal  framework together for the rest of it. If the existing PA and ETA are  adequate, that would be great but I haven't reread them with that in mind. We REALLY don't want to have to have existing users sign another piece of  paper. It makes sense that the existing ETA covers some territory that won't  matter to users who only have access to the auction page (e.g. references to  master agreements) so a stripped down version of the ETA for those  counterparties would make sense. Can we talk on Monday?   <Sep> Subject :  Emissions Credits Auction Site 
Email : The second product listed here is physical. It looks ok to me but I don't  really know - can you take a look and approve it or comment to Dale please? Thanks!   <Sep> Subject :  New Products - Approval Requested 
Email : Unless you object, we have decided to structure the auction site with the  "auction procedures" set out on the bid page, immediately above the "submit"  button. As soon as the bid is submitted, the system will check to see if the  counterparty has already accepted the GTC's or has a master in place. Here  is S&C's first draft of the procedures for an auction without a reserve  price, with no commitment to sell (or buy) and no disclosure of bids to other  parties. It is my impression that this is the way the EnBank auctions will  be conducted. Is that correct? Any suggestions/comments? Mark   <Sep> Subject :  Auction Procedures 
Email : I wish it were more clear. I am trying to get down there to talk to the  commercial people about the business direction and support we can provide but  until then I don't know that we should get their hopes up. I had hoped to  come this week but Randy is here in Houston. Maybe second half of next  week? Do you know if everyone will be in those days? (I was thinking Sao  Paolo Wed/Thurs and B.A. Thurs/Fri). Brent Hendry@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT   <Sep> Subject :  Trading Attorney in Brazil 
Email : Collateral Arrangements. Counterparty shall (at Enron=01,s request) either:=  (i)=20 within one Business Day of such request by Enron, provide to Enron a letter= =20 of credit in respect of Counterparty's obligations under any Transaction, i= n=20 such form and for such amount and from such issuer, as is acceptable to Enr= on=20 in its absolute discretion; or (ii) within such period as is specified by= =20 Enron, provide for the benefit of Enron a parent company guarantee in such= =20 form and for such amount as is acceptable to Enron in its absolute=20 discretion. Failure so to provide such letter of credit or parent company= =20 guaranty shall constitute a default hereunder giving rise to the immediate= =20 right of termination by Enron under this GTC.   <Sep> Subject :  Credit Language 
Email : Justin - are the EnBank contracts physical or financial? It seems to me we  should use the same customer profiles - that is if the contracts are  physical, then any counterparty which can trade physical UK gas should have  access. If the contracts are financial, then any counterparty that can trade  UK derivatives should have access. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  Counterparty access to EnBank 
Email : It turns out the initial auction product will not be the emissions credits  but rather the EnBank UK synthetic gas storage product. They want this  auction to allow bids to be revoked or revised up until the end of the  auction period and not to have the ability to accept bids until the  expiration time. There is still no commitment to sell anything. All  transactions will be for sales by Enron to the counterparty. I have taken a  stab at revising the procedures language with this in mind.   <Sep> Subject :  Just when we thought it was safe.... 
Email : I finally got my film developed - this gives you an idea of how often I use  the camera - and thought you might like these. Unfortunately the only shot  on the roll of Bruce didn't turn out - directly attributable to the  photographer's lack of skill - and we never did have anybody take a group  shot. There were several others that you can tell would have been great  shots if my thumb hadn't half obscured the lens. The sunset was taken during  our last night there while you guys were swimming off in the direction the  picture was taken (if you listen carefully, you can almost hear Ted losing  his lunch down below). Hope you guys are well - any trips to Houston on the agenda? Mark   <Sep> Subject :  Photos 
Email : I received the proposed list of reference entities today. Here is a draft of  a memo that I cobbled together to use in trying to get input from others  within Enron for the restriced list. Would you let me know what you think? I will be meeting with Mark H. tomorrow to talk with him about it. It isn't  clear to me who should receive this and from whom it should come. Since the  communications people may have relationships with some of these folks, is  Kristina the right person? I know that EES has some kind of joint venture  with AOL - should Vicki sign off? If it is going to such persons, should the  memo come from Mark? Cliff Baxter? John Sheriff? Jim Derrick?   <Sep> Subject :  Reference Entity review 
Email : Here is the list of reference entities I received from Debbie with the  confidentiality agreements and the reference entities they relate to  indicated. If the reference entity name is in bold we have a confidentiality  agreement with the entity itself. I notice that AOL, Nortel and Qwest are not  on the list (they were on the original list for actual trading sent to me) -  were they removed by you guys? Reference Entity    Affiliate Confidentiality Agreements  AGL Resources Inc.  AT & T Corp.     AT&T Commercial Finance Corporation  Atlantic Richfield Company   US coal business of Atlantic Richfield Company  Baltimore Gas and Electric Company  Bay State Gas Company     Bell Atlantic Corp  BellSouth Corp.  Boston Edison Company  Boston Gas Company  Burlington Resources Inc.  Carolina Power & Light Company  Central Illinois Light Company  Central Maine Power Company  Central Power and Light Company  Chevron Corp `    Chevron USA Inc.  Cinergy Corp.  Citizens Utilities Company  Columbia Energy Group    Columbia Energy Services Corporation       Columbia Electric Corporation  Commonwealth Edison Corp  Commonwealth Electric Company  Conoco Inc.     Conoco Canada Limited  Consolidated Edison Inc    Consolidated Edison Energy, Inc.  Constellation Energy Group  Cox Communications Inc  Dayton Power and Light Company, The  DPL Incorporated  Dominion Resources Inc.   Dominion Energy Canada Ltd.  Dow Chemical Company    Dow Chemical Canada Inc.  DQE Inc  Duke Energy Corporation   Duke Energy Field Services, Inc.       Duke Energy Power Services LLC  Duquesne Light Company  Dynegy Inc.      Dynergy Power Holdings, Inc.  El Paso Energy Corp    El Paso Electric Company       El Paso Energy Marketing Company       El Paso Field Services Company       El paso Merchant Energy, L.P.       El Paso Power Services, Inc.  Exxon Mobil Corporation   Exxon Pipeline Company       Mobil Business Resources Corporation   Florida Power & Light Company  FPL Group Inc.     FPL Energy, Inc. IDACORP Inc.  Idaho Power Company  Illinois Power Company  Lucent Technologies    Utilities Solutions Business of Lucent Technologies,  Inc.  Marathon Oil Company    Marathon Canada Limited  MCI World Com Inc.  Montana Power Company  Nevada Power Company  New Jersey Natural Gas Company  New York State Electric & Gas Corporation  Niagara Mohawk Power Corporation  Occidental Petroleum Corp   Occidental Energy Marketing, Inc.  Oklahoma Gas And Electric Company  Pacific Gas & Electric Company   Pacific Gas & Electric Corporation (same  entity?) PG&E Generating Company  Peco Energy Company  Pennzoil-Quaker State Company  Peoples Energy Corp    Peoples Energy Services Corporation  PG&E Corporation    how is this related to Pacific Gas & Electric Company? Phillips Petroleum Company   Phillips Petroleum Co, U.K. Ltd.  Piedmont Natural Gas Co  Potomac Electric Power Company  San Diego Gas & Electric Company  Sierra Pacific Power Company  Southern California Gas Company  Southern Company Inc    Southern Company Services, Inc.  Texaco Inc.     Texaco Limited       Texaco North Sea UK Company  Texas-New Mexico Power Company  The Peoples Gas Light & Coke Company  Ultramar Diamond Shamrock  US West, Inc.  Utilicorp United Inc.  Vastar Resources, Inc.  Virginia Electric and Power Company  Virginia Gas Co. (related?) Washington Gas Light Company  Wisconsin Electric Power Company  Wisconsin Gas Company  Wisconsin Power And Light Company   <Sep> Subject :  Credit Derivatives Reference Entities 
Email : I just looked at the first couple of documents attached and wanted to make  sure the second item listed in them works. Is everyone comfortable that the  volume should be submitted in megawatts and then divided in half to produce  megawatt hours? I think it works but I had to work through it to get there -  it wasn't immediately obvious to me.   <Sep> Subject :  Australiann Power Product Long Form Decsriptions 
Email : Here is the revised list - there are several European entities that we showed  in our database so I have highlightedd them as well. There were also several  from Friday's list that were still there so I have also bolded those. I'll  try to track down what happened with those entities (Cinergy, DPL, NJ Nat  Gas, Niagara Mohawk & Washington Gas Light).   <Sep> Subject :  Credit Derivatives Reference Entities 
Email : Depression is merely anger without enthusiasm  Eagles may soar, but weasels don't get sucked into jet engines  I'm terribly concerned about my memory, but for the life of me I can't  remember why  The early bird may get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese  I almost had a psychic girlfriend but she left me before we met  I intend to live forever - so far, so good  If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends? Quantum Mechanics: The dreams stuff is made of  Televangelists: The professional wrestlers of religion  When everything's coming your way, you're in the wrong lane  Shin: a device for finding furniture in the dark  Ambition is a poor excuse for not having enough sense to be lazy  Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder  We all have a photographic memory. Some of us have just run out of film  OK, so what's the speed of dark? Black holes are where God divided by zero   <Sep> Subject :  One-liners 
Email : Paul -   Thanks for your voice mail. We can't print the list of Reference Entities  from the website because we have not been given access. We do need to get  that list to the various other reviewers in Houston and I am sure that is the  list that Michael referred to. The EnronOnline people are probably concerned because they don't have a final  list of Reference Entities for their launch. That list absolutely must be  scrubbed by the other GC's before it is approved. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  Reference Entities 
Email : Richard:  In the US we have changed our swap agreement forms to provide for arbitration  in order to avoid having to explain the intricacies of derivatives trading to  judges or, God forbid, juries. In Canada we are continuing to submit to the  jurisdiction of Canadian courts (on the theory that there are no juries in  civil actions and arbitration is rarely used in Canadian contracts  generally). As we are presently in the process of revising our UK swap  agreement forms, I guess it's time to revisit the issue as it applies to UK  agreements. Currently we agree to UK law and the jurisdiction of UK courts  (where there are no juries in civil actions). Should this continue to be our  policy or should we begin going for arbitration in the UK contracts also? I  would ask Paul and Scott to let Richard and me know if arbitration is widely  enough used in UK agreements that we can get away with asking for it. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  UK Courts vs. Arbitration for UK Swap Agreements 
Email : Thanks for your card and hello to the whole family. I didn't know you guys  were in Mass. Is this a long term move? Things are still pretty much the  same in Houston. We'd certainly look forward to seeing more of you down this  way!   <Sep> Subject :  Happy New Year 
Email : Why is Enron's stock so volatile now? Since today's session started, ENE      has lost another $2.50! Mr. Ken Lay replies      I haven't had a chance to check our stock today, but I think for several  reasons      it's more volatile. But before I comment on that, our stock price is  still up even      if it went down that much today. It's up 40% since the beginning of the  year      when the Dow was down. As recently as mid-December, the stock price is up      about 75%. That's one reason why it's so volatile. Some people bought in      along the way, they've had a good strong increase, particularly with the      uncertainty in the marketplace, people just want to take some money off  the      table. As we become more of a technology stock, a high P/E stock, a  growth      stock held by growth portfolios, you're going to have more volatility,  just like all      the other companies that fit into that category. Throughout the market,      technology stocks quite often go up or down not just $3-$4 a whack, but  often      $10-$12-$15 a whack. What I tell Mark Koenig is I love that volatility  on the      upside, but I hate it on the down side. We've had a change in the ownership of our stock. Increasingly, it's  being      bought by the growth portfolio managers, and increasingly it's being  sold by      the value and other portfolio managers that picked it up at much lower      valuations, and now at these values they want to take their money and  put it      back into lower P/E stocks. I know this makes everybody a little  nervous, but      this is probably the world we're in now. I'd rather be in this world  with a 50 P/E      than the more stable world with a 20 P/E.   <Sep> Subject :  Ken Lay on Enron's stock price volatility 
Email : Here is a set of disclaimers for your website. Have you looked into getting  the name trademarked? If not, let me know and I can try and move that along  from here.   <Sep> Subject :  EnergyLink disclaimers 
Email : David -   I am putting together the request for assistance from local counsel in Japan  in preparation for opening up EnronOnline to Japanese counterparties. If you  have a copy of the request you sent to MSJ when you started working on this  for Australia it would be very helpful to me. I have what we've used in  Europe but would be grateful for your thoughts as well. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  EnronOnline Legal Due Diligence 
Email : Ken:  Mark H. asked me to forward to you this initial draft term sheet. We would  like to talk to you, and presumably one of your colleagues, tomorrow  regarding the possible antitrust implications of the proposed structure. Please give me a call and we can schedule a time. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Project Bigtoe 
Email : Moses, Jesus and an old man are golfing. Moses steps up to the tee and hits the ball. It goes sailing over the fairway and lands in a water trap. Moses walks down, parts the water and chips the ball onto the green. Jesus steps up to the tee and hits the ball. It goes sailing over the fairway and lands in the water trap. Jesus just walks on the water and chips the ball onto the green. The old man steps up to the tee and hits the ball. It goes sailing over the fairway and heads for the water trap. But just before it  falls into the water, a fish jumps up and grabs the ball in its mouth. As the fish is falling back down into the water, an eagle swoops down  and grabs the fish in its claws. The eagle flies over the green, where  a lightning bolt shoots from the sky and barely misses it. Startled,  the eagle drops the fish. When the fish hits the ground, the ball  pops out of its mouth and rolls into the hole for a hole-in-one. Jesus turns to the old man and says, "Dad, if you don't stop fooling around, we won't bring you next time."   <Sep> Subject :  Golfing with Jesus 
Email : Edmund -   I have reviewed the long descriptions I was given for the credit derivatives  (I can't tell if they are current) and have substantial comments - I have  attached what I have come up with (sorry it's in 2 pieces). Basically I  don't think we should be restating something in the Long Description that is  already covered (sometimes with different language) in the GTC - this only  creates an ambiguity and is not necessary to form a complete contract. My  other concern - and I have not been able to draft language to fix it - is  that I can't find any definition of the Seller Payment amount and I don't  think the Buyer Payment language works  -  can you give me a call so we can  discuss my concerns?   <Sep> Subject :  EOL Credit Derivatives - Long Descriptions 
Email : Rod - can you tell me who the current proposed reference entity is and how it  is related to the Duke companies that are parties to the confidentiality  agreements listed below? I need to know who the parents are and who the  subsidiaries are and, if it is a subsidiary if it is a material sub of the  reference entity. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Duke confidentiality query 
Email : Hi Mary. Barbara tells me there's a better-than-good chance you will be  coming back to join the department. Hooray! I was hoping we could chat  about how you would feel about joining the financial trading group this time  around. I'm leaving for the airport in just a bit to head out of town for  the rest of the week but would be happy to talk when I get back and you  should feel free to talk to Carol and Sara in the meantime. Mark T.   <Sep> Subject :  Hi! 
Email : David:  Tana and I would like to talk with you to set up the counterparty approval  process for EnronOnline regarding Australian counterparties (trading  Australian and other products) and Australian products being traded by  non-Australian counterparties. The EnronOnline people are anxious that Tana  be designated their liaison and we need to figure out what she can do and  what you (or someone else in Australia) need to do as part of this process  going forward. Any chance you might be available for a telephone  conversation about this at 9:00 am your time (5:00 pm Houston time) today? Mark   <Sep> Subject :  EnronOnline Counterparty Approval Process 
Email : Pets In the Office  It's A Growing Trend   In the dog-eat-dog world of business, there's a growing trend at some  companies. Workers are bringing their  pets to the office. Chip Paucek, who produces educational videos and television programs, has  been taking his golden retriever,  Hoss, to work for the last five years. Paucek and Hoss visited The Early  Show and talked with Co-Anchor  Jane Clayson. The dog has became the office mascot, says Paucek. "He brings a lot of  emotion and people love it. He's  very relaxed." But Paucek, as co-president of his company, has the freedom to bring Hoss to  the office if he wishes. Not  everybody can bring their pet to work. "A lot of it depends on the dog," says Paucek, who explains that Hoss is not  a rowdy dog. "He just hangs out," explains Paucek. "He's easy to get along with." Hoss has free rein at the office. When Paucek is away on trips, "My wife  brings him in and drops him off at  the office," Paucek says. While there are plenty of positives to pets in the workplace, there are also  many legal issues to consider. John  Challenger, CEO of an international placement company, agrees that the trend  of bringing pets to the work  place is really growing. "More and more companies in this tight labor market are trying to make their  working place  employee-friendly and many are looking at bringing pets into the workplace,"  says Challenger    He points out, however, that there are serious issues that employers and  employees need to explore before  they adopt a pets-in-the-office policy. "One of the things that the companies must do, before they jump into a  policy like that, is take a poll  of their employees and find out what they're thinking. If you have certain  employees that don't feel  comfortable with pets, you might want to rethink the policy." There are liability questions as well. For example, the company might be  liable if a dog or cat bites or  scratches another employee. "The company ought to talk with their attorneys before they put this kind of  policy in effect," says  Challenger. "The employee needs to understand that if their dog bites  someone or the cat scratches  someone, it can't be the company's fault." Allergies are a major deterrent to bringing cats to the office. "Many people are allergic to cat hair. You have to think, as an employer,  will you put them in a  certain part of your space. What about people who are afraid of animals? Many don't feel  comfortable with them around. Just how many do you want? Do you want cats  and dogs and what  about birds? What about the noise of birds?" Paucek admits that when there's more than one pet in the office, "It gets  chaotic." In 1997, the American Animal Hospital Association surveyed 1,225 pet owners. They found that:         21% of those surveyed had taken their pets to work        76% feel guilty about leaving their pets at home while they're on the  job        33% said they leave a TV or radio on for their animals    If a company decides to allow pets in the office, they should:         poll employees before they let the pets come        provide a written policy about pets and list which pets are not welcome  in the office        establish an off-limits-to-pets area        make sure employees bring documents proving pets are vaccinated        bar noisy, destructive, or messy animals from the office        tell employees to keep control of their animals at all times    If many employees want to bring their pets to the office, the company should  make a rotating schedule. When the pets-in-the-office policy does work, it's great. Paucek says when  he and Hoss arrive at work, "I get  off the elevator. He goes one way and I go the other. He says hello to the  employees. He has his own  web page."   <Sep> Subject :  Pets in the Office 
Email : I realized after I had sent the Koch confirmation to you (but before I faxed  it to Koch) that I might have given too much away by using the Effective Date  as the Buyer Payment Date. In the version I send to Koch I will change that  to Trade Date. You can always change it to a later date if you want to  tomorrow.   <Sep> Subject :  Further Koch change 
Email : RedMeteor.com=09www.redmeteor.com=09Broker/matching site =09=09Crude Oil, Electricity, Natural Gas, and Natural Gas Liquids HoustonStreet.com=09www.houstonstreet.com=09Broker/matching site =09=09Electricity Altra Energy Technologies, Inc.=09www.altra.com=09Broker/matching site with=  some=20 electronic back-office services and software packages =09=09Natural Gas, Power Enermetrix.com Exchange=09www.enermetrix.com=09Many-to-many Exchange? =09=09Electricity Coral=09www.coralconnect.com=09=01&One-to-many=018 proprietary site Bloomberg Power Match=09=09 =09=09 NGX=09www.ngx.com=09Many-to-many Exchange w/ clearing =09=09Natural gas CoalHub=09www.freemarkets.coalhub.com=09Auction site =01) details unknown =09=09Coal =09=09 =09=09 Essentials=09www.essentials.com=09Retail electricity, natural gas, propane,= =20 internet access, communications Utility.com=09www.utility.com=09Retail electricity, internet service provid= er and=20 home warranties =09=09 ChemConnect=09www.chemconnect.com=09Broker/matching site =09=09Chemicals GE Polymerland=09www.gepolymerland.com=09=01&Big Toe=018 for polymer resins= ? PlasticsNet=09www.plasticsnet.com=09 =09=09 RateXchange=09=09Bandwidth =09=09 =09=09 PetroCosm=09www.petrocosm.com=09=01&Energy Industry Marketplace=018 =01) pr= obably limited to=20 oil filed equipment, etc. Schlumberger IndigoPool=09www.indigopool.com=09Information only re: Oil and=  Gas properties=20 offered for sale   <Sep> Subject :  Web Sites 
Email : Doc:  The schedule calls for the meetings to end at 5:00. There's also a play (The  Merry Wives of Windsor) that night and we can work around that if you were  planning on going. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  Campaign Planning Committee 
Email : We have an opening for a paralegal in the Financial Trading group. In the  past we have been very successful with referrals from members of the Legal  Dept. who know of paralegals with whom they have worked in local law firms  who might be willing to move. Please give this a little thought and if you  know of a good paralegal in town, let me or Tana Jones know so we can contact  them. Thanks for you help.   <Sep> Subject :  Paralegal Position 
Email : Rousseau:  I have copied you on an e-mail to Alan Aronowitz which may answer your  questions. If not, please feel free to call and we can discuss your issues. If I am not at hand when you call, my assistant can book a particular time on  my calendar so we won't be trading calls forever. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  EnronOnline 
Email : Robbi:  The CFTC issued a Regulatory Framework for some new regulations in late  February, a copy of which is attached. No proposed regulations have resulted  but could come out at any time now. There is also some activity on the Hill  (bills percolating through various committees: House Banking, House  Agriculture and Senate Agriculture) which are also of interest. We have been  monitoring these developments and I'd be happy to talk them over with you. Please give me a call if you'd like at x37459. Mark   <Sep> Subject :  CFTC 
Email : Hi Dave:  Thanks for your note! It's hard to believe that Washington House was over  twenty years ago now. I left DC at the end of that summer and went to law  school in Michigan. My first job after graduating was for a law firm in  Houston. They opened a New York office in the mid 80's and I went there to  help out. The office wasn't successful but I loved living in New York so I  moved to another firm there and stayed for almost 8 years total. One of  those years was spent working in Asia - primarily Indonesia and Hong Kong. I've now moved back to Houston where I am a lawyer with Enron - a large  energy company - and focus on derivatives and online trading legal issues. We have offices in several countries around the world which I get to visit  periodically. I'm actually writing this from Buenos Aires where I'm helping  them get some products ready to trade online. I get back to Washington a  couple of times a year to do some lobbying for the company and may actually  have been there when you were in town - I think I was there the 11th & 12th. I've stayed in touch with Doc Kieft and Mark Kopinski and get back to M.C. from time to time. Mark lives in New York where he manages a couple of  international mutual funds for American Century. I was on the Alumni Board  for a few years so got back for their meetings at Homecoming and got to see  the people who came back - unfortunately I haven't really stayed in touch  very well. There have been a number of changes to the campus since our time  so you may be surprised if you haven't been back for a while - of course  Woodbine is gone, there's a new theater, a big addition to the gym and  several major interior renovations. And I understand there are big plans for  more - they are going to close Sixth Street, tear down Gibson and expand the  campus a block to the west with at least one new dorm, a big expansion to the  sports facilities (indoor track, pool, etc.) and a redesign of the library. Enrollment is up above 1000. Congratulations on your successful career - who would have thought when we  got out of school so many years ago that Monmouth grads could do this well! There are doctors, bankers, chemists and lawyers everywhere you look. I  guess we really did learn something while we were there. Let me know if you ever get to Texas. It would be fun to get together and  catch up. Mark Taylor 1322 Rutland St. Houston, TX 77008 (713)863-7190(home) (713)853-7459(work)   <Sep> Subject :  Hi! 
Email : Marlo,  The name and number of the person to contact regarding the billing discrepancy for July 2001 is Mary Reid @ 213-244-3898. Gasselect clearly shows only one trade for 43,559 mmbtu's from account 2527 to Z99. Mat   <Sep> Subject :  Socal discrepancy 
Email : Salt River Project, in an effort to bring resolution to the mainline and receipt point allocation issues pending in the above-captioned proceedings, is filing today (and serving hard copies of) the attached "Motion of SRP for Adoption of Strawman Alternative to March 28, 2000 Proposal of El Paso Natural Gas Company". Unlike any other proposal before it, it seeks to weave into one workable solution, the concerns raised by shippers in their initial and reply comments filed in the Order 637 proceeding, as well as address the 3 complaints. It is a share-the-pain proposal among CD - Converted FR - and El Paso. Under it, FR shippers would convert to CDs at levels reflecting actual usage over the past 5 years, weighted to the present. It assures each westward flowing firm shipper, based on the current physical mainline capacity (including L. 2000), 93.1%(winter) and 94.2% (summer) of their contractual entitlement. On a daily basis, all westward FT shippers are assured of receiving approximately 60% of their 93.1 and 94.2% allocation from the San Juan. FT-2 shippers would continue to be served off the top. This Strawman adopts the in-line pooling methodology set forth in SoCal Gas' initial comments. It includes North and South system segmentation rights, and narrowly defined demand charge credits for unprovided capacity as long as there is a shortfall. Provision is made to encourage turn-back of capacity and to have capacity under expired contracts dedicated by El Paso to meeting the approximately 7% shortfall. Provision is also made to treat each primary delivery point as a receipt point, and to give priority to Alternate Receipt- to- Primary Delivery point in the systemwide scheduling process, all intended to encourage a strong supplemental market to meet peak seasonal needs.   <Sep> Subject :  El Paso Natural Gas Company Dockets RP00-336, RP01-484, RP01-486,   RP00-139 
Email : Janie  As we discussed, we would like you to consider adding the OXY point for Elk Hills deliveries into SOCAL at the Gosford intertie to the "NGI Socal/PG&E KRS" physical point. If you look on SOCAL's System Operations report our deliveries are listed as "Elk Hills - Gosford Intertie". Our flows on this pipeline typically range from 80MM to 165MM/day. Our gas from  this point interconnects with the PG&E Kern River station gas that then is delivered through Wheeler Ridge into SOCAL. Separately we would also be very interested in an SOCAL In state Production point on Enron OnLine. Pat Mulhern   <Sep> Subject :  Addition of OXY point to Enron online 
Email : Janie,  Not sure what's going to happen, but as discussed, attached is my resume. Can I get you home number again... mine is 281-357-5556. Take care, Lucy   <Sep> Subject :  hello 
Email : Janie, how are things going for you?? I hope encouraging!! We have some new in-house systems close to being in place, and  I am updating all of my Transportation Contracts. Please give me the current name, phone, fax and e-mail address for the main dispatch/nomination person. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  T30233 - NWNM Off-system Transportation Contract 
Email : This report lists all customers that are going to receive a rejection letter from credit regarding their EnronOnline application. If you want this process delayed so you can contact your customer or follow up with credit on behalf of your customer, please contact Claudia Clark at x39281 or Karen O'Day at x54135. If they are not contacted, the rejection letter will be sent directly to the customer. PA Company Name:  1. Coral Canada U.S., Inc. (K. Lauer, marketer) 2. KNG Energy, Inc. 3. Petromont and Company, Limited Partnership (J. McQuade, marketer) 4. Ricks I, LLC 5. Seven Seas Petroleum Inc. 6. Genesis Park Trading Co. (K. Lauer, marketer) 7. Owl Plastics (J. McQuade, marketer) 8. American Commercial Barge Line, LLC    Kara Boudreau Lauer EnronOnline Marketing 713/853-0570 kara.lauer@enron.com   <Sep> Subject :  Market Response Report 
Email : Dear Potential Gas Supplier  As some of you may know our authority to buy gas off our existing spot agreement will come to an end on December 31, 2001. While we will honor current commitments for gas to be delivered after that date, but we will not be able to use the spot agreement to buy any more gas. The reason that this is happening is that our City Attorney has interpreted the new City Charter as not allowing delegations of authority such as employed in the way we buy gas now. We are seeking approval for an ordinance which must be approved by the City Council that will restore our former ability to buy gas with the kind of agreement most gas suppliers are familiar. We have the ordinance approved by the City Attorney and it will shortly be in the pipeline for approval by our Board and the City Council, but until then, this contract is a stop gap to keep us operating. I've attached the new contract and a cover letter which explains what we are doing. The deadline is November 8, 2001 at 4:00 PM. We will take the executed contracts to our Board with the counterparties listed on a Board Resolution and, if it is approved, we will be allowed to buy gas from this group after the new year begins. This is not the ideal contract but one we feel our Board will be comfortable with until we can get around the Charter problem. I can't make any changes to this contract. There is a notice published in the LA Times about the availability of the contract but I am sending it to you directly as someone we have already done business with (and undoubtedly have satisfied all our boilerplate requirements) and will probably be interested in what we are trying to do here. I Hope most of you will respond. Thanks  (See attached file: Spot Gas Cover Letter.doc)(See attached file: New Spot Gas Contract.doc)   - Spot Gas Cover Letter.doc   - New Spot Gas Contract.doc   <Sep> Subject :  LADWP Gas Contract 
Email : Janie may have a market for this gas in January - She needs to know immediately what volume to sell. Is the volume still 11,692 mmbtu/day or does it fluctuate each month based on price? Please advise ASAP -   Thanks   <Sep> Subject :  ECS Sale for January 
Email : Dear Jane M. Tholt,  Once again thank you for shopping with 1-800-FLOWERS.COM . At this time, we would like to provide you with delivery information regarding your order:  Your order, 18754725 was delivered on 12/20. If you have any questions regarding your order, e-mail us at customerservice@1800flowers.com or call us at 1-800-468-1141. Sincerely,   <Sep> Subject :  Delivery Confirmation 
Email : To view this e-mail online click here . Winter Sale for Women Save up to 70% on hundreds of styles. Women's Sale  Men's Half-Yearly Sale  Save up to 70% online and in-store Dec. 26 -- Jan. 5   <Sep> Subject :  Save up to 70% for Women & Men 
Email : Just a little heads up. It is going to be so cold in Omaha next week. Will  probably hit around Tuesday. Expect highs below zero.for about a week.. Better get your chores done this week because you are not going to want to go  outside next week..  Haven't seen it this cold since 1983.. Will encompass  the entire country. Gas prices going through the roof.   <Sep> Subject :  BRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR 
Email : Frank-we need to know if you have made any  arrangements for Mom Tholt's  funeral. Barb, Mike and Bob are flying nto Washington DC Dulles on Tuesday  to tour the city. Joe and I are flying in on Thursday at noon. Everyone is  leaving on Sunday. Bob and Us are leaving early Sunday morning. So we will  be driving back on Saturday night. We are planning to stay together and rent  cars together. Aunt Mary Agnes has offered to make hotel reservations for  those days people who will be staying in DC. Either Barb or Mike will make  reservations for Pennsylvania. We need to know if you would like us to  include you in our reservations or if you plan on just meeting us there. There is only going to be  Mass on Saturday for Mom Tholt at 11:30 followed  by lunch at Aunt Jean's. Aunt Mary Agnes is suppose to be sending us money in the mail for plane  reservations. Please let us know as soon as possible,   <Sep> Subject :  Travel Arrangements 
Email : Per our phone converstion,  during the last couple of days I have been  floating the US Gas West products and sorting by deal type. However, I am  getting products that are not west products . For example, under "deal  type-west basis", the following non-west products are appearing:  GD/D  TrLA-Hub (nov 8-30); GD/D NGPL-Hu for No 8-30; and GD/D ANRLA-HUB (Nov 8-30),  I   <Sep> Subject :  EOL 
Email : I am coming in on a United Flight 7954 that leaves LA at 3:15 and arrives San  Diego at 4:04. Staying at theHyatt Islandia in Mission Bay. Look forward to  seeing you even if it is for a short time. I'm leaving for Vail tomorrow  afternoon-so if you have any questions I'll get back to you on Monday.   <Sep> Subject :  Trip 
Email : I think that Dave may have is facts wrong. Joe talked to GRADY  yesterday  and they have sold their house in Conroe and are buying a brand new one on  Lake Conroe. Some new Dream House. Glad you are going to Vail- I'm on the  flight that leaves at 11.45 on Wednesay.   <Sep> Subject :  Olsen Home 
Email : My broker called and we are definitely in for Tina Turner. He is waiting  unitl the last week to give me the tickets so we get premo seats. Have fun  this week-end.   <Sep> Subject :  Tina Turner 
Email : We are trying to think of something nice to send to Patti to show her our  appreciation for her hard work. I was thinking of a gift basket from SPECS  with some nice wine. Can you tell me what kind of wine she likes or suggest  another alternative for a gift that she may enjoy. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Appreciation Gift for Patti 
Email : Southwest Gas currently views Enron Online but is afraid to transact physical  volumes on it because they are afraid the payment terms on Enron Online are  different than non-EOL trades. They stated that they reveiwed the EOL  contract and that it does not address payment. I told them that the payment  terms do not differ but they are asking for something in writing. Can you  send them something.   <Sep> Subject :  EOL-Southwest Gas 
Email : My husband and his friends want me to inquire more about your fishing lodge  and prices. A bunch of them turn 50 next year and are thinking of going on a  fishing trip. Can you give me any more information on prices and  availiablity for next year. Please advise what is included in the price and  where we  need to fly into. If you have any brochures, canyou send them to  me at Jane Tholt, 7502 Highland Farms Rd., Houston, TX 77095  . Hope you  have a great day and it was great seeing you.   <Sep> Subject :  Alaska Fishing Trip 
Email : If it is not too late I would like to put on hold my request to add Barrett  Resources to the EOL Product for El Paso Blanco Average. I made the request  yesterday so hopefully I am not toolate. Upon discussing the product with  Barrett, I do not think this would be a good idea to add them at the present  time. I willkeep you advised. Thank you for your patience.   <Sep> Subject :  Adding Barrett to Restricted Product-HOLD 
Email : Joe and I would love to attend the bowling party. We would like to have  prawns for dinner. We are arriving on Friday at 1:30 so we shouldn't have a  problem being there. Does Joe need to being his suit for Saturday night?   <Sep> Subject :  Bowling Party 
Email : Below is a summary of the discussions last week regarding the complaint  against El Paso for oversubscribing the Socal Topock Point. The meeting started out by summarizing the dollar impact of the Border cuts  to Amoco and Burlington of $3 million dollars and the additional fuel costs   of $15 million that they have incurred when the mainline fuel was reduced and  the gathering fuel was increased. Accordingly, producers are seeking a  minimum of $17  million in compensation in some form or  another. The biggest concern is that a total of 1.2 bcf/day is being nominated at the  Socal Topock which can only deliver 540000 mmbtu/day. Socal Gas stated that  this problem should go away when there system becomes unbundled (referred to  as Gatekeeper).. The proceeding is currently pending CPUC approval and could  be implemented as early as October 1, 2001. When the Gatekeeper is  implemented  , only 540000 mmbtu/day will be accepted at the Socal Topock  border and must match up with the intra-state transport. SoCal Gas suggested taking the 1.2 bcf/day of nominations at the Topock  delivery point and divide it up based on the original intent of the  capapcity-  400 to Mohave; 540 to Socal Topock;  and 180 to PGE Topock. They  also stated they would accept less than 540 at Topock but  needed a minimum  of 300 to meet core needs. However, they wanted some type of compensation if  their volume was reduced. They also agreed to live with the status quo  until the Gatekeeper was implemented. This would result in firm rights being  established at Socal Topock based on downstream rights. Williams owns Block 3 capacity and is willing to look at a CD reduction or a  reduced take requirement or use of alternate points with a rate adjustment. After much discussion,  El Paso came back with the following counter proposal:  Recommended interim solution until Socal Gatekeeper implemented. Does not  relate to receipt point rights. 1)  Block 1 Capacity will always be alternate to Socal Topock (198000);  2)Block II Capacity can not be sold at PGE Topock (614000)  3) Amoco and OneOk each have a contract 45000/d which can go to Topock or  Ehrenberg. It is recommended that they  give up their Ehrenberg right and keep Topock right and Socal will give up  like amount at Topock as well as shift an additional  70000 mmbtu/day from  Topock to Ehrenberg resulting in approx. 115000 being shifted  to Ehrenberg. 4) Rights fro expansion shippers would be carved up as follows:     Socal Topock   PGE/Mohave Topock Texaco   40    135 Burlington  26    74 Aero   5    15 Borax   7    12 LADWP  0    36 SWGas   0    20  5) Socal Topock would now be divided as follows:  Expansion Shippers  78000  Socal Gas           425000 BLK 3                               348000 (25-Amoco;20-Oneok;99-Williams;189  El Paso Merchant;15-Wlliams) Total 851000 540 divided by 841 would result in 37 percent cuts or 63 percent thruput. The producers were not happy with having to live with 37 percent cuts and  felt that any transport sold after their Sept 28 complaint should be cut off  the top which would be El Paso merchant services Blk 3. Separate meetings were then held amongst the Topock shippers to duscuss El  Paso's counter -proposal.   <Sep> Subject :  El Paso Complaint 
Email : Sorry , I have not given you feedback earlier but I've been on vacation. Randy continues to do an excellent job. He anticipates questions and usually  has the answers. He is a very dedicated employee and continues to expand on  his knowledge base. He has helped the traders trade the permian and waha  points on a daily basis and such commercial experience has proven to be very  valuable regarding looking for alternatives to move gas. The only area for  improvement that I might suggest would be to challenge others or state his  opinion if he has a different opinion from others rather than not say  anything or go along with the status quo. He tends to want to be  nonconfrontational which is not a bad thing but this is a tough environment  and he could get run over if he does not state his opinion.   <Sep> Subject :  Randy Gay Performance 
Email : Enron North America is interested in selling natural gas to  PNM Gas Services  on a firm basis under the following terms and conditions:   Term:  April 1, 2001- March 31, 2002  Contract Price:  I.F. El Paso San Juan Basin less $.09  Firm Daily Quantitiy:  10000 mmbtu/day    Delivery Point(s):  Delivered to PNMGS at the tailgate of the Williams Field  Serives Ignacio Plant into Transwestern at Ignacio Plant;at the TW Blanco Hub  ; at WFS Kutz Plant into PNMGS; Milagro Plant into  Blanco Hub; or any other  mutually agreeable pointsinto PNMGS. Special Conditions:  ENA will selelct, nominate, and deliver the firm daily quantity at any of the  Delivery Point(s). ENA will notify PNM no later than 3:30 p.m. M.T. one day  prior to gas flow day (Cycle 2) of the selected Delivery Point(s).   <Sep> Subject :  Term Proposal 
Email : LITTLE CHILLY IN SAN DIEGO. SOCAL STORAGE AT 24 BCF-CURRENT WITHDRAWAL RATE  IS 1 BCF DAY. SUPPOSE TO REMAIN COLD FOR THE REMAINDER OF MONTH. WORSE  YET-A NUCLEAR PLANT WAS SUPPOSE TO COME BACK BUT THEY HAD A FIRE AT SAN  ONOFRE-OUT FOR AWHILE. BETTER BUY YOURSELF SOME BLANKETS.   <Sep> Subject :  BRRRRRR 
Email : I wanted to share with you the growth in gas demand for electric generation  over the past cuple of years in California. Maybe I can make a believer out  of you. Res. Elec. Other Total  Jan 99 3.16 .84 2.83 6.82 Jan00 2.80 1.21 2.87 6.87 Jan01 3.05 2.22 2.57 7.84   Feb 99 3.07 .80 2.69 6.56 Feb00 2.72 1.22 2.72 6.65 Feb012.80 2.22 2.42 7.44  Mar99 3.08 .75 2.42 6.25 Mar00 2.65 .98 2.48 6.12 Mar 012.67 2.03 2.18 6.88    Also just wanted to thank you for being so honest with me the other day. I  know it was difficult and I am sorry that  I never made it easy on you to  express your true thoughts. Maybe I just chose to ignore them for my own  selfish reasons.   <Sep> Subject :  gas demand 
Email : Deb and I were thinking that if we can't finalize our Europe trip by the end  of this week-we probably need to postpone it because the clock is ticking. . Can you give us any feedback on your discussions with  American Express or  Mark Frevert.. Thinking about you.   <Sep> Subject :  Europe Trip 
Email : UBS have organized an important meeting  will be held tomorrow for all employees who :   1) have accepted offers or  2) intend to accept offers ( to the best of their knowledge) but who have issues that are being resolved  All employees in these categories should attend  Buses will be provided for those who do not have their own transport and will pick up from the south side of the north building - please assemble in the Java plaza area from 8.30am  to 9.30am ( last bus leaves  @ 9.30 am )  The meeting will last until approximately 1pm  and will be presented by senior managers from UBS on the firm and it's strategy. There will be breakfast available at the Hotel from 9am to 10am and there will be sandwiches afterwards. If traveling independently please make sure you leave sufficient time to park (it will be very busy) and get to the Grand ballroom  Employees need to bring their id's or drivers license with them to gain access to the meeting  I'm sorry for the short notice on this - please call out to anyone who should be attending who will not get this message in time    Tammie Schoppe  on behalf of UBS HR   <Sep> Subject :  URGENT REQUIRES IMMEDIATE ACTION : Welcome to UBS meeting tomorrow  10.15 am @ the Houstonian 
Email : *** Hotel Villa Nina e-mail: vilanina@racsa.co.cr  site: www.hotelnina.com    SALUDOS DESDE MANUEL ANTONIO, QUEPOS Y HOTEL VILLA NINA GREETINGS FROM  MANUEL ANTONIO, QUEPOS AND HOTEL VILLA NINA     Dear :    Paul Thanks for your interest in our  Hotel. We have room check in 02/02/02 and check out 02/04/2002. Type AAA: Air conditioning, one queen size bed, cable tv,  telephone, bathroom with hot water, terrace with table and chairs, refrigerator,  coffee maker, plates, glasses, cups and silverware. The rate is US$63  per room, per night with taxes and continental breakfast included. Type AA: Air conditioning, one full size bed, telephone,  bathroom with hot water, terrace with table and chairs, refrigerator, coffee  maker, plates, glasses, cups and silverware. The rate is US$57  per room, per night with taxes and continental breakfast  included Type A: Air conditioning, one full size bed o two  singles bed, telephone, bathroom with hot water, terrace with table and  chairs, refrigerator, coffee maker, plates, glasses, cups and  silverware. The rate is US$49 per room, per night with taxes and  continental breakfast included In order to make and guaratee the  reservation, send a fax (506) 777-1497 or e-mail with a credit card number,  expiration date and holder?s name like appear on the card. Looking  forward to hear back from you. Fred Reservations    If  you would like some information on tours in Manuel Antonio, local flights  reservations or rent a car in Costa Rica, please do not hesitate to contact  us   <Sep> Subject :  Availability 
Email : It would appear that the plague of OOM requests that have distorted prices in New York may soon be reduced to the point that a true market may evolve and introduce some interest in serving load without the unhedgable risk of "uplift charges". The difficulty in looking ahead is to determine what the real prices will be without the numerous OOM requests that have been made in the past. The information that has been published in the past with regard to generation OOM did not quantify how much generation was removed from the bid stack at any one time. Certainly a significant number of  peak hours were affected but it is unknown to what degree. At a guess a number of hours probably had over 1000 MW of generation OOM, effectively removing this generation from the bid stack but showing up as "uplift charges" on that portion of the electricity bill. Two pieces of information would be extremely helpful in taking a stab at what the energy prices should have been/are without the large OOM shadow bilateral market that presently exists. 1. How much generation in aggregate was loaded OOM for each hour in each zone? 2. Approximately how much was the uplift assigned to each zone on a daily basis? On a side note it is interesting to note that there is a recent presentation to the AMP/ICM Task Force by one of the participants that has determined that if all the large suppliers collude in tandem to withhold 50 MW each that there could conceivably be an increase in price. While this conspiracy theory is of concern to said presenter it would seem highly unlikely, especially considering that bid load or exports provide a much higher impact on price in reality than the unlikely scenario of some large suppliers all colluding in tandem. What should be of concern does not seem to be on their radar screen. Why are there so many OOM requests in NYC alone? Despite the more complex system in NYC the number of requests is significant. The resultant distortion in price has the result of making a market that is very difficult to predict and very difficult to hedge. The uplift charges assigned to those trying to serve load can be devastating, well that is those without the ability to pass it through. An interesting market development has resulted from the numerous OOM requests. The numerous OOM requests have translated into unhedgeable uplift that deters retail competition. The result of a lack of retail competition would be that customers would continue to reside with the incumbent provider instead of with another retail provider. While this may not be the intent of OOM requests it is realistically the result and one that should be garnering the attention of regulators to a higher degree than other theoretical scenarios. The continued practice to over regulate this market will deter generator development. I have heard some arguments that the CAP market in NYC will ensure investment and construction of new generation. To be clear the argument pointed to the current cap of ~$112/kw/year and that this would ensure that generation would be developed. ICAP payments are not a guaranteed revenue stream to any generator, especially payments of $9.40/kw/month. New generation will result in more competition for the payments which will result in lower capacity prices, especially in the longer term. There is only a fixed amount of load and reductions in ICAP prices do not result in an increase in demand for ICAP, prices will come down; a review of the recent ICAP auctions proves that this true. The larger the assumption for ICAP payments in a new generator development proforma, the increased risk that is assumed going forward, especially in light of the high regulatory risk in this market. A 25% decline in ICAP payments would be devastating to a proforma that relied heavily on ICAP as a revenue stream. Certainly the recent auction clearing prices suggest that the volatility is greater than 25% and therefore concludes that an assumption for high ICAP revenues are not a substitute for a viable and competitive energy market. Certainly looking at the current forward prices, the surplus of ICAP and the mitigated volatility it will not be long before generators with low capacity factors and high maintenance costs will be closely examining the economics of continuing to participate in the market. In conclusion the modeling of the 138 KV in NYC promises to reduce OOM requests by 70%, hopefully this will be the result. Certainly a significant increase in information for OOM requests should be posted that should include what load pocket, how much generation is loaded OOM and any other information that is pertinent including a mechanism to request an audit of those OOM requests to determine their validity. If all the requests are always valid then there should not be a problem subjecting requests to an audit. OOM requests are a deviation from the market based software dispatch, these exceptions to the normal dispatch should be examined as closely as generators are scrutinized when they deviate from their scheduled dispatches. Joe          ---   <Sep> Subject :  Reduction of OOM? 
Email : Hi Paul, Finally drug your file out to the basement. I have attached several different options in the Excel file below. Keep in mind that about 5 weeks after closing you will receive a check from your current lender for the existing escrow account. You can either pocket that money or "reimburse" your out put from this closing. Let me know if you need further clarification on this or any of the options. I've attached the application and forms I need for processing. I have survey, dec page and mortgage info already mostly need updated W2, paystubs and banking info.   <Sep> Subject :  Refinance options 
Email : Paul:  The estimated trans loss charges for August have been entered (NE Hourly # 700778.3 @ ; NE Phys # 700783.3). They're unusually high due to the increase in deal volumes as well as inflated prices due to extreme heat (08/06 thru 08/10 in particuar). If you have any questions or concerns please feel free to come by and discuss with me or Rebecca. Just wanted to give you a heads up.   <Sep> Subject :  August Trans Loss Charges 
Email : Dear Market Participants,  The attached document is a revised solicitation notice for the position of Vice-Chairperson of the NYISO Operating Committee. The changes from the notice that was distributed previously have been underlined. (See attached file: OC nominations (R).doc)  Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Revised OC Solicitation letter for Vice-Chairperson 
Email : RBowers@nyiso.com writes to the NYISO_TECH_EXCHANGE Discussion List:  The NYISO is delaying issuance of the November & December 1999 - 2nd Settlement Adjustments, scheduled for September 7th, by a week. The delay is necessary to make corrections to the re-engineered invoicing process under which these settlements will be made. Settlements for November 1999 through March 2000 were "trued-up" once under a process that only adjusted settlements at the hourly interval level. Upon realizing that the now superseded process was deficient in its ability to "true-up" settlements at the SCD interval level, the process was completely re-engineered and put into operation in February 2001. In order to perform the 2nd settlement adjustments [a.k.a. true-ups] for November through March under the new process, the 1st true-ups of these months must be reversed to create the billing determinant measurement set that was used in the 1st true-up. The newly acquired billing determinants for the 2nd settlement adjustments will then be netted against the set from the 1st true-ups. That delta will then become the amount invoiced for the 2nd settlement adjustment. This delay is to fix mapping problems observed between the old measurement set invoicing format and the new measurement set formats. Invoices will be issued once the mapping problems have been corrected and we am satisfied that the settlements can be readily reconciled by our Market Participants. The NYISO apologizes for this delay and any resultant problems. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  November & December 1999 Settlement Adjustments 
Email : How would you like meeting to discuss pooling our resources? One of my responsibilities for East Power Trading/CRM, is generating load and HR curves for Nepool, NY, and PJM. It's my understanding you have access and use some of the same data for your analyses. My schedule is flexible. At your convenience, please let me know your availability . Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  data sources 
Email : The invoices for November 1999 settlement adjustments will be posted by 23:00 today, Monday, September 17, 2001. The NYISO apologizes for any inconvenience resulting in the delay in posting these invoices. Transmission  Customers  will  observe adjustments to their settlements to: (1)  recover  costs  related  to  adjustments  made  outside of the billing process;  and  (2)  adjust  the  NYISO clearing account balance to zero for November 1999 settlements. With  regard  to the adjustments made outside of the billing process, these adjustments  could not have been corrected by a billing code or determinant data fix. As a result, the mechanism of paying and funding the adjustments is  done  through  adjustments  outside  of the billing process. The total adjustment of $14,178.39 was allocated across 5,059,790 MWh. Customers may validate  their  respective  adjustments by computing their ratio shares of the  $14,178.39  using 5,059,790 MWh as the denominator in their respective ratios of their November 1999 load. Customers will observe a difference in the  denominators  used  in  the  ratio share allocation of this adjustment versus  adjustment  #2. This  is  due  to  the  fact  that  the costs for adjustment  #1 are not allocated to those that received payment through the adjustment, which would defeat the purpose of the adjustment. Prior  to  October 2000, the NYISO recovered or refunded differences in the revenue   received  from  Schedule  1  charges,  which  were  comprised  of forecasted  uplift  & residual adjustments, and the costs actually incurred by  adjusting  subsequent month's Schedule 1 rates accordingly. In October 2000,  the NYISO implemented a change in the tariffed Schedule 1 provisions that  allowed the recovery and refund of these costs as they were incurred. In  order  to  allow  any  changes in uplift and residual adjustments to be settled  through the settlement adjustment process, the code implemented in October 2000 was used to report these costs to the market. This results in an  over-collection  which  is  being  returned  to  Customers  through  an adjustment  to  their  monthly  balances. This  billing treatment for the November  1999  settlement  adjustments  resulted  in credits to the market totaling  $5,583,559.78  allocated  across  5,074,229 MWh. Customers where allocated  their  portion  of  this  adjustment based upon their respective ratio  shares of the 5,074,229 MWh of NYISO transmission service billed for the month. November  1999  settlement adjustment settlement dates have been changed to address  the  delay  in  invoicing. Payments due to the NYISO for November 1999  settlement  adjustments  are due to be received in the NYISO clearing account on Monday, September 24, 2001. Payments due to market participants will  be  made  on  Thursday,  September  27,  2001. Please  refer to the attachment below for banking instructions. The  NYISO anticipates that the 2nd settlement adjustment for December 1999 settlements  will  be  invoiced tomorrow, Tuesday, September 2001 by 23:00. Settlements  dates will be adjusted to accomodate the invoice date changes. Given  the aforementioned schedules, payments due to the NYISO for December 1999  settlement  adjustments  will  be  due  to  be  received in the NYISO clearing  account  on  Tuesday, September 25, 2001. Payments due to market participants  will  be  made on Friday, September 28, 2001. The NYISO will confirm the invoicing schedule for December 1999 settlements tomorrow. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  November 1999 Settlement Adjustment Invoices 
Email : RBowers@nyiso.com writes to the NYISO_TECH_EXCHANGE Discussion List:  The settlements curently posted for September 28-Version 2 & 29-Version 1, 2001 are not accurate due to problems encountered with some data files for those dates. As a result, some customer balancing energy is incorrect and residual adjustments for those dates are artificially inflated. The NYISO will be re-running those billing dates as soon as it is feasible to do so. The NYISO apologizes for any inconvenience caused by this problem. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  September 28-V2 & 29-V1, 2001 settlement postings 
Email : market_relations@nyiso.com writes to the NYISO_TECH_EXCHANGE Discussion List:  Dear Market Participants:  On the November 1999 & December 1999 Transmission Customer Monthly Statements many customers have noted under the "Energy Settlement" section for "Forward Energy" a change in MW-Hrs with no associated change in dollar amounts. This is because of a correction in the sign convention for the MW-Hrs related to external generation transactions (transactions from a proxy bus to the NYISO reference bus). For all other types of transactions the NYISO charges customers the appropriate TUC or LBMP  based on the MWs that flowed, but for external generation transactions, customers receive payments from the NYISO, and therefore these types of transactions have an opposite sign convention. The dollars associated with the external generation transactions have always had the proper sign convention, but the MW-Hrs have not. On 01/17/2000 this sign convention was corrected for all billing months going forward resulting in the correct MW-Hr values being reported from February 2000 to date. However, November 1999 - January 2000 did not have the proper MW-Hrs reported on the Transmission Customer Monthly Statements. With the latest settlement adjustments posted the MW-Hrs are being corrected with the proper sign convention. Transmission Customers will see similar changes in their forward energy MW-Hrs for January 2000's settlement adjustment.   <Sep> Subject :  November & December 1999 Settlement Adjustments 
Email : Stephanie,  I am going to be joining the Northeast Power Group trading the Northeast Hourly Night book. I've requested a copy of Enron Online through E-request and need a user ID and password. Brian from the helpdesk said that you would be able to set me up with this. I appreciate your help. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  EOL ID 
Email : I've heard from quite a few of you, in response to my earlier email, indicating interest in taking this course. I've conveyed this info to Reliant, and they are in discussions  with the NYISO to see if it can be offered in Houston. I'll let folks know details as soon as I learn them from Reliant. Howard   <Sep> Subject :  NY Market Training Course 
Email : Hi Paul Thomas,  Welcome to The Princeton Review's Online Companion Tools! You're on your way to getting higher test scores - and getting into your first choice school. Below is some important information to help you use the course. Be sure to save this email for future reference. LOGGING IN Just point your browser at www.PrincetonReview.com and click on "Sign In." In the next window, click on "Sign In" under "Test Prep." Enter your username & password & click Enter. Then click on the Online Companion Tools link to get started. For your records, here are the username and password you selected when you registered:         USERNAME: paul.d.thomas@enron.com        PASSWORD: qy1qwlih  Please note that you will have access to your Online Companion Tools for a period of 120 days from today. If you plan on accessing your tools from multiple machines you'll need to make sure each is configured properly by running our requirements check, which is available through a link after you log in. LOGGING OUT If you are using a public computer, like one in a library or dorm, it's a very good idea to log out every time you finish your work on the website. All you have to do is click on the Exit link that appears at the right end of the toolbar along the bottom of your tools dashboard. TECHNICAL SUPPORT Tech support is available at no charge to all Princeton Review Online Companion Tools users Monday through Friday from 7am until 1am EST and Saturday and Sunday from 8am to 8pm EST. You can reach tech support by phone or e-mail:   <Sep> Subject :  Your username and password for www.PrincetonReview.com 
Email : Please be advised that starting October 29th we will no longer provide meals for the group. Due to security and limited space for the new building we will have to stop the snacks and water as well. The new building will have filtered water and soft drinks. Please be patient, and for the next two weeks the menu will be as follows:  Monday  10/15  Wall Street Deli Tuesday 10/16  Treebeards Wednesday 10/17  New York Pizzeria (Pizza) Thursday  10/18  Wall Street Deli Friday       10/19  ON YOUR OWN  Monday  10/22  Wall Street Deli Tuesday 10/23  Ninfa's Wednesday 10/24  New York Pizzeria (Pizza) Thursday 10/25  Wall Street Deli Friday  10/26  ON YOUR OWN   Please let me know if you have any questions. Thanks for your understanding in this matter.   <Sep> Subject :  Breakfast/Lunch/Snacks 
Email : market_relations@nyiso.com writes to the NYISO_TECH_EXCHANGE Discussion List:  Dear Market Participants,  The NYISO web servers are down and the nyiso.com site is not available. We are working on the problem and anticipate having the servers available shortly after 3:00 p.m. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  NYISO - Web Servers Unavailable 
Email : Your GMAT class will be held in ECN 560, which is in the old Enron building. The first meeting will be held from 6-10 PM, but the others will be from 6-9 PM. If you have any questions, please call. John Lewis Director of Course Operations The Princeton Review - Houston (713)688-5500 JohnL@review.com   <Sep> Subject :  The Princeton Review Enron GMAT course 
Email : This warning is sent automatically to inform you that your mailbox is approaching the maximum size limit. Your mailbox size is currently 84068 KB. Mailbox size limits:   When your mailbox reaches 75000 KB you will receive this message.To check the size of your mailbox:     Right-click the mailbox (Outlook Today),    Select Properties and click the Folder Size button. This method can be used on individual folders as well. To make more space available, delete any items that are no longer needed such as Sent Items and Journal entries. You must empty the Deleted Items folder after deleting items or the space will not be freed. To turn Journaling off,   click Tools | Options | Journaling Options and de-select all items. See client Help for more information.   <Sep> Subject :  WARNING:  Your mailbox is approaching the size limit 
Email : Enron Corporation, The Princeton Review, and the Association of Rice Alumni would like to invite you to:  THE 2001 HALLOWEEN MONSTER BASH  Houston's definitive, all-out Halloween party:   Friday, October 26  8:00 pm  Garden in the Heights  We are proud to announce the return of the Halloween Monster Bash on Friday, October 26 at Garden in the Heights. You may remember this party from 1998; it was a smash success then and will be at least as much fun this year. We've got an awesome DJ, and tickets include light food and all the drinks you can handle. Door prizes including gift certificates from Houston's finest restaurants will be awarded for best costumes. The tickets are essentially at a break-even price, but if there is any money left over, it will go to Rice's scholarship/fellowship fund, so Rice can continue to attract even smarter, harder-working students than they've already got. DETAILS   <Sep> Subject :  Halloween Party! 
Email : Paul,  Attached is a spreadsheet with the deals for HRLY NE for 10-15 thru 10-19. It appears that most of the deals are financial deals done at R1E (Westhub), R1C (NY West), and R1B (Nepool). These deals all have financial true-ups that come through in the financial liquidations line on your P&L. I have tried to break the liquidations values down deal by deal. When looking at the deals, please note that the liquidation amounts are the opposite value that they appear on the spreadsheet. For instance, looking in the highlighted yellow column, the value should be the opposite value shown. Please let me know if you have any questions. Thanks   <Sep> Subject :  NE HRLY DEALS 10/15 THRU 10/19 
Email : Today FERC issued the following draft orders:  NYISO TEP and Bid Cap (ER01-3001):  Commission granted NYISO's request to extend the currently effective $1000/MWh Bid Caps on certain NYISO adminstered markets, and to extend its Temporary Extraordinary Procedures for Correcting Market Design Flaws and Addressing Transitional Abnormalities, until the Northeastern RTO is operational. The Commission ordered NYISO to narrow the scope of the TEP, and to file tariff sheets doing so within 30 days. NYISO proposed virtual bidding procedures (ER01-3009; ER01-3153):  Tariff changes to implement virtual bidding were approved. The changes would allow market participants to bid non-physical generation and load into the day-ahead market and settle the bids in the real-time market. Also accepted were NYISOs Market Mitigation Measures to address gaming or market power strategies that might emerge as a result of the virtual bidding. NYISO - Cost responsibility for new interconnections. (ER01-2967):  Tariff changes allocating cost responsibility for interconnection facilities. The provisions allocate to developers 100% of the cost of facilities necessary to physically interconnect the project. Additionally, developers are allocated the coswts for transmission system upgrades that would not have been made "but for" the interconnection, minus the cost of any facilities that the NYISO's regional plan dictates would have been necessary anyway for load growth and reliability purposes. ISO-NE - Interim Bid Caps (ER01-3086):  Commission approved extension of bid caps until the Northeastern RTO is operational. Calpine v. ISO-NE (EL01-124):  Commission granted complaint by Calpine and Mirant, finding that ISO-NE has amended Market Rule 5 to exclude external contracts from setting the energy clearing price, in violation of a Commission order. If you need further information, please let me know. Susan Lindberg x30596   <Sep> Subject :  Orders issued today in NYISO and ISO-NE proceedings 
Email : When: Monday, November 05, 2001 1:00 PM-2:00 PM (GMT-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada). Where: TBD  *~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*    Please make sure to accept this invitation if you are interested in the class. Thank You   <Sep> Subject :  OPtions class with Iris Mack 
Email : On October 17, 2001 Rockland Electric Company and PJM filed with FERC a joi= nt application for the transfer of operational control from the NYISO to PJ= M of certain facilities located in Northern New Jersey. The facilities are=  the transmission assets in the Eastern Division of Rockland's service terr= itory. This includes approximately 400 MW of load in Bergen County, NJ and=  transmission facilities that are already directly interconnected with PJM = (note that other Rockland facilities located in NJ, namely those in norther= n Passaic County and Sussex County (Rockland's Central and Western Division= s respectively) will not be transferred to PJM and will remain under the op= erational control of the NYISO since these facilities are not directly inte= rconnected with PJM nor with Rockland's Eastern Division). The filing requ= ests approval of the transfer by November 30, 2001 which would allow PJM to=  take operational control on February 1, 2002 (the filing does not address = what, if any, changes to the operation date might be if FERC does not appro= ve this by Nov 30). Rockland Electric is a subsidiary of Orange & Rockland=  Utilities which is a subsidiary of Con Edison. The transfer adds approximately 400 MW of load and 56,000 customers (mostly=  residential and commercial) to PJM. There is no increase in supply, there= fore the total load of PJM is increased by 400 MW without any additional re= sources. The transmission assets include 138-kV (8.3 miles), 69-kV (35.9 m= iles) and 35-kV (12.4 miles) transmission lines and 11 substations (the fil= ing includes a detailed description of these assets). Let me know if you require any additional information.   <Sep> Subject :  Rockland Electric Transfer to PJM 
Email : How is your day going hoon? I am going top stop by Louis Shanks and then to the grocery store to your chicken. I hope your allergies are gone! Love   <Sep> Subject :  Hi 
Email : We are bringing in Associate Candidates for Super Saturday this upcoming weekend and we are looking for associates to help host our Saturday evening dinner at Teala's, 3210 West Dallas. The dinner will be from 6:00 p.m. - 8:30 p.m. If you are available to help out please email Dolores Muzzy. We will also have another Associate Super Saturday on the weekend of November 30th - December 2nd. We will be in need again of dinner host for the Saturday evening dinner. It will be at the same time and also at Teala's. If you are not available this weekend but would like to participate on the next Associate Super Saturday please email Dolores Muzzy as well. Thanks for your participation.   <Sep> Subject :  Associate Super Saturday 
Email : market_relations@nyiso.com writes to the NYISO_TECH_EXCHANGE Discussion List:  Dear Market Participants,  The NYISO has determined that implementation of Virtual Trading will be delayed until Wednesday, November 7, 2001. Issues associated with new computer hardware have necessitated extending the testing period to ensure that all systems are ready before starting the program. Virtual Trading will be in place for the Wednesday, November 7 Day-Ahead Market (DAM). The new schedule will permit bids for virtual load and virtual supply to be submitted for Wednesday's market after the DAM posts on Monday, November 5, until 5:00 a.m. on Tuesday, November 6.   <Sep> Subject :  NYISO - Delay of Virtual Trading 
Email : JDavies@nyiso.com writes to the NYISO_TECH_EXCHANGE Discussion List:  Dear NYISO Customer:  The version mapping that was posted to the web on 06/08/2001 was created from a customer file that joined the NYISO on April 11, 2000. This resulted in the mapping not being valid for any customers that were already qualified for the entire month of April. For all customers that were qualified customers for the entire month of April 2000, the following mapping applies:  Date Current             Previous 1    V-7       minus          V-4 2    V-7       minus          V-4 3    V-7       minus          V-4 4    V-7       minus          V-4 5    V-6       minus          V-4 6    V-6       minus          V-4 7    V-6       minus          V-4 8    V-6       minus          V-4 9    V-7       minus          V-4 10   V-7       minus          V-4 11   V-7       minus          V-4 12   V-7       minus          V-4 13   V-7       minus          V-4 14   V-7       minus          V-4 15   V-6       minus          V-4 16   V-6       minus          V-4 17   V-7       minus          V-4 18   V-7       minus          V-4 19   V-7       minus          V-4 20   V-7       minus          V-4 21   V-7       minus          V-4 22   V-7       minus          V-4 23   V-6       minus          V-4 24   V-6       minus          V-4 25   V-7       minus          V-4 26   V-7       minus          V-4 27   V-7       minus          V-4 28   V-7       minus          V-4 29   V-7       minus          V-4 30   V-6       minus          V-4   Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  April 2000 Version Mapping 
Email : Paul......I talked with Frank at NYISO. He said that you are able to get the invoice info off of their website. Just go to OASIS/bidding and scheduling/user login. I believe you were going to admin login earlier. Anyway, can you take a look at it and let me know what you find? Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Invoice Info 
Email : Dear Paul,  CDNOW is welcoming the new year with HUGE savings! For a limited time, hundreds of CDs are just $7.99! Hurry -- when 2001 ends, so does this amazing sale. Read on for all the details, plus more sales and special offers.   <Sep> Subject :  $7.99 CD Sale Going on Now @ CDNOW! 
Email : Welcome to eMail News Delivery, a service from Business Wire. Here is your Industrial Information Resources Inc. news release. If you have received this in error please send a message to: eMailDelivery@businesswire.com with the following command in the body of the message:  unsubscribe TX-INDUSTRIAL-INFO-RES If you have questions about this service, please contact your Business Wire Account Executive or service@businesswire.com   BW2002  DEC 27,2001       2:00 PACIFIC      05:00 EASTERN   ( BW)(TX-INDUSTRIAL-INFO-RES) French Chemical and Explosives Producer Creates Measure to Self-Regulate, in an Advisory by Industrialinfo.com      Business Editors      HOUSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Dec. 27, 2001--The following in an   <Sep> Subject :  French Chemical and Explosives Producer Creates Measure to  Self-Regulate, in an Advisory by Industrialinfo.com 
Email : This is a message to let you know that your e-mail is bouncing. This means that our system is having trouble reaching you at this email address. If you receive this message, it appears that the problem was temporary. There is no action that you need to take. Sincerely,   <Sep> Subject :  We're having trouble reaching you 
Email : "Kirkpatrick, Joe" <joe.kirkpatrick@nrgenergy.com> writes to the NYISO_TECH_EXCHANGE Discussion List:  The results of the recent capacity auctions would seem to highlight that New York and NYC in particular may not be the "tight markets" that require the numerous layers of mitigation presently in place. It is difficult to determine the "spare" capacity in NYC, Long Island or the Rest of State market due the fact that New York unlike other ISOs does not publish what the total capacity supply is for each month or season. The "curtailable load" portion of the equation has had a significant impact on capacity requirements but as yet it is unknown what the total impact is. This new capacity supply is effectively increasing the supply of available capacity. Quoting generation capabilities and load requirements excludes curtailable load and other demand response mechanisms, the exclusion of these factors grossly misrepresents supply conditions. Total capacity and spare capacity after the completion of all the capacity auctions is information essential to the economics for developers who are developing or constructing generation in NYC and other areas in NY. There is only a set amount of capacity required in New York and New York City, adjustments in price do not increase demand as they would in other commodities. Assumptions that supplies are tight and developers can rely on capacity payments to contribute to fixed cost recovery are severely overstated. There is a significant surplus of capacity in NYC alone, at a minimum there is well over 800 MW of spare capacity that we can account for as a result of the recent auctions. How much more capacity is out there? Market participants require this information to assess the economics to develop and build new generation facilities. If capacity payments are being included in project economics then this will have a significant impact on the viability of projects if those capacity payments are not there. This information needs to be published. Joe   <Sep> Subject :  Capacity Totals 
Email : market_relations@nyiso.com writes to the NYISO_TECH_EXCHANGE Discussion List:  Dear Market Participants,  The virtual transaction software was implemented late yesterday afternoon for bidding into tomorrow's Day-Ahead Market. While there were some connectivity problems with submission of virtual bids, those were solved yesterday evening and several Customers submitted virtual bids for evaluation. Security Constrained Unit Commitment ran this morning, including the virtual transaction bids, and posted around 9:00 a.m.   <Sep> Subject :  NYISO - Virtual Transaction Status 
Email : Gentlemen,  I have created a new file to track our physical P&L and power flows. I have tried to simplify the data entry, by coloring only the cells that require an input. If the cell is white than it is a formula and no data entry is required. Also, the file now accurately captures reservation charges, and flowed vs.  reserved megawatts. I created 2 copies of the file. One for Peter, Joe, and Willis. And the other for the night crew.   <Sep> Subject :  Replacement for "Big Deal" 
Email : Dear Power Outage Database Customer,  Attached you will find an excel document. The outage contained within is a forced outage. Your daily delivery will still contain this outage. Any questions please let me know. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  NPCC (Millstone)  WSCC (Diablo Canyon) 
Email : AStorey@nyiso.com writes to the NYISO_TECH_EXCHANGE Discussion List:  We'll be running the third training session on Virtual Bidding on Friday, November 30. This course is valuable to everyone involved in our energy markets -- not just to those bidding "virtually". We fully booked our   <Sep> Subject :  Virtual Bidding (VB) Seminar - Friday November 30 
Email : NYISO has made several new FERC filings, which are described below:  ER02-194-000:  Proposed tariff amendments to implement Interregional  Transmission Pilot Program for generation redispatch in emergency conditions  between the NYISO and the PJM Interconnection, L.L.C. (Interventions/protests due November 16, 2001). ER02-195-000:  Revisions to NYISO's Market Administration and Control  Area Services Tariff to revise the tariff's definition of Load Shedding. The  NYISO has requested a December 28, 2001 effective date. (Interventions/protests due November 19, 2001). ER02-209-000   Filing to continue the effectiveness of provisions in NYISO's  Market Administration and Control Area Services Tariff regarding certain market  power mitigation penalties. The NYISO has requested a November 1, 2001  effective date. (Interventions/protests due November 14, 2001). Please contact me if you need any further information.   <Sep> Subject :  FERC filings by NYISO 
Email : Hey Paul, how is it going?? Attached you'll  find some of the pics from the halloween party. I hope you like  them. I'm going to Brasil today!!! Just for 4 days, I guess  it's better than nothing. Let's do something when I get back. Our  weekends have been pretty laid back lately. We miss you guys!!! Um grande abraco, Eduardo  - Pict0010.JPG   - Pict0014.JPG   - Pict0024.JPG   - Pict0025.JPG   <Sep> Subject :  How are you? 
Email : Paul,  I'm currently seeking an analyst rotation in wholesale power. If you have any analyst positions in North East Power, please let me know. I have extensive modeling and structuring experience and some trading experience with an illiquid commodity. I have attached my resume for your reference.   <Sep> Subject :  North East Power 
Email : "Kirkpatrick, Joe" <joe.kirkpatrick@nrgenergy.com> writes to the NYISO_TECH_EXCHANGE Discussion List:  In order to have a functioning market model it is imperative to have a level playing field for all market participants. Is it a level playing field or even appropriate for any individual market participant to dispatch generation and transmission facilities that affect the economics of other market participants? The dispatch of transmission and generation to resolve congestion must be made with the overall economics of the entire market in mind. The only entity that has the information and empowered to make these decisions is the NYISO. With that in mind why does a particular market participant have control over major interfaces that interconnect New York and PJM. Specifically the control points would be the Linden-Goethals phase angle regulator and the Hudson Farragut phase angle regulators. These PARs are under ConEd control and are utilized by ConEd to facilitate whatever requirements they deem required. As this is being written the New York PJM schedule is 546 MW out to New York with a flow of 762 MW the flow on these PARs (including Ramapo) is ~1500 MW to New York. Are the interests of all market participants being considered by a market participant that has over 40% of the load in New York State, that has control over a significant amount of generation utilizing OOM dispatches and by having control over a significant amount of transmission facilities capable of altering the flow into New York City and Central x East. I suspect not. Case in point.. There is a transmission constraint in an area in New York city. This constraint can only be monitored by ConEd and therefore is resolved utilizing an OOM dispatch request. Generation was reduced to resolve the constraint, there is another generator in the area that can be reduced to resolve the constraint, but it would appear that this control action is not utilized . Coincidently the power from this other generator is under contract to ConEd (take-or-pay). There is also a PAR (Linden-Goethals) that can be moved to alleviate the constraint, which unfortunately is not utilized either. Instead generation is reduced that does result in additional uplift charges that is socialized as a cost to all loads in New York. Whether the right economic decisions are being made is an issue but the larger issue is why is a market participant with a large economic interest making these decisions. The NYISO was asked why the PAR was not utilized as a control action to alleviate the constraint, simply put since the PAR is not under their control they do not consider it as a control action. Since ConEd does not have the overall market view or the economic interests of all market participants in mind is it appropriate to allow them to operate and dispatch a large part of New York State? When the NYISO is not controlling major inter-area transmission interfaces but allows that control to be utilized by a market participant it is a compromise of the entire market. Economics of an individual market participant are overriding the economics of all other participants in New York. This is not a "best practice" that any sane individual would recommend for any RTO model. Joe Kirkpatrick   <Sep> Subject :  Who is in Control? 
Email : Hello Paul,   I enjoyed speaking with this morning. Thank  you for contacting us. As we discussed, send your resume to possibilities@istaffinggroup.com . We'll take a look at it and give you a call with any opportunities which match  your interests and background. Feel free to contact me if you have any  questions. Otherwise, I will talk to you again early next  week. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  ISG 
Email : Paul,  Here is the new gen as of a couple of weeks ago. I have spoken with all of our contacts at those companies to get the latest information on these facilities. Nick   <Sep> Subject :  PJM New Generation 
Email : Hey Paul, I know you're busy, but can you let me know where to find the map detailing the Northeast transfers limits you included in the presentation you put together for Dana. I'd like to include it in a presentation I'm putting together for John Llodra. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Northeast Transfers Map 
Email : To ensure p&l doesn't get lost during the shuffle, we will not hand out the folders until first thing Monday morning. I'm attaching p&l, though, in case you're anxious! Hope everyone has a good weekend! Casey   <Sep> Subject :  11/16 P&L 
Email : Paul, I have been doing some analysis and have found a few problems that should be looked at. 1. The number Mother data is pulling for Zone P is wrong. The pointer for the data can be found on the SQL worksheet the expression is:    avg(decode(prc.power_reference_period_cd,'DAYAHEAD', decode(pl.location_name,'PJM',price_amt))) PJM_DA, and   avg(decode(prc.power_reference_period_cd,'HOURLY', decode(pl.location_name,'PJM',price_amt))) PJM_RT,  I have looked at the PJM and NY prices and am unable to figure out where the number is coming from. 2. The other 24hr desk evidently has been told that the PJM night shift is to prep the PJM and Nepool portions of the shift notes. That is fine with me. I wrote a macro to pull, format and print the Nepool information. The PJM information is not available on the website. The East power portal has something. I think it does some kind of Op Sum pull at some unknown interval. The problem is the information is not accurate. Rob Bensen's frustration with this bad information is the main reason the other 24hr desk doesn't want any part of the reporting. 2.a All data points are different than the one hour averages calculated in edata. This makes me doubt that opsum is the source, as edata also pulls from opsum. 2.b When all interfaces and hubs are printing the same, the prices shown differ in the same hour on the website. I have no idea where this information is coming from but it is not right. If the correct data can be found there is an application that pulls from the database at "M:\Electric\24hour\PJM AVE\PJMSummary.exe". If they could fix this app I would care less about the web site. If they do not want to fix the app I can write a macro to pull the same data from the mother data template. I don't really care how I get the data, I just need to get yesterday's PJM for the shift note. In other news, if you are trading some of the regular products, are you following the DA-RT physical moves? If we do man the 24hr desk (even if Bryce is the day guy) we could cover the DA-RT physical. Having it part of the 24hr desk would seem to make sense because the evening load and more up to date weather forecasts could be used when entering the NY side in the early morning. I only mention this if you are finding yourself too busy trading PJM to spend the same amount of time on the analysis. It is certainly easier to do uninterrupted analysis on the back shift. Just a thought. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Data Problems 
Email : Hi All! This represents estimated annuities by desk for PJM's Nove Operating Reserves for business transactions thru 11-19 and rates published thru 11-12. Any questions or concerns, please let me know. - Marci x3-0577   <Sep> Subject :  PJM Op Reserves 11/2001 
Email : This is the estimated PJM Trans Loss Charges for Nove business as of the 17th. Any questions or concerns, please let me know. - Marci x3-0577   <Sep> Subject :  PJM Trans Losses - 11/2001 
Email : (This attachment should work.) There will be a meeting on Joint Capacity Adequacy on Thursday, December 20, 2001 at the BWI Airport Marriott in Baltimore, MD. The meeting is scheduled from 10:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m.   <Sep> Subject :  JOINT CAPACITY ADEQUACY MEETING - Corrected Attachment 
Email : Dear Market Participants  The attached new offer form must be used until an updated form is created. Changes from the previous form includes  1. Corrections to the award pages 2. New market participants added 3. Additional PTIDs incorporated 4. Removal of PTIDs referencing proxy locations 5. Correction to the resource name lookup formula   If you use an older form, your offer will be rejected. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  NYISO - ICAP/UCAP Forms 
Email : Starting tomorrow, 11/28/01 we will be included with the Gas Breakfast and Lunches. However, there will be a cost of $5.00 each or $10.00 total when breakfast is provided. They will have lunch everyday and breakfast only three days of the month, which will be during bid week. I will come around every morning and collect your money...I will then have to provide a list to the Gas people who will be checking your name off as you enter the breakfast/lunch line. Please let me know if you have any questions. REMEMBER...ONLY THOSE WHO GIVE THE $5.00 WILL BE EATING. Thanks for your cooperation,   <Sep> Subject :  Breakfast & Lunch - $5.00 ea 
Email : Dear Members:  Attached are the NPCC OSS Users Group meeting/hotel arrangements for the December 6, 2001 meeting. I spoke to someone at the hotel and you should not have a problem receiving the preferred rate. Can you please let me know if you are attending. Sincerely,   <Sep> Subject :  Meeting Reminder  - NPCC OSS Users Group - 12/01 
Email : Stephanie:  I need to assign two ISDA drafts for Enron Corp. agreements:  Deutsche Bank AG Credit Suisse First Boston  Please let me know. Thanks. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  new master agreement assignments 
Email : Tanya:  Enron Corp. has a 1/17/92 Interest Rate and Currency Exchange master wtih  Paribas. I will fax to you the letter which I received regarding the above  merger. Basically, Enron Corp.'s signature to this letter will indicate  agreement to put all [existing, if any, and future] Transactions under this  master but with all obligations becoming those of the surviving entity which  is BNP and which changed its name to "BNP Paribas." Do you have any credit issues? Sara   <Sep> Subject :  merger between Banque Nationale de Paris ("BNP") and Paribas 
Email : Mary Nell:  Congrats on the promotion! I know that it is well deserved and couldn't have  happened to a more qualified person. Look forward to seeing you soon. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Congratulations! 
Email : Paul:  This was the only "hedge fund" related item that I could find. I  think that I may be the lucky recipient of Moore Global Investments. SS   <Sep> Subject :  Hedge Funds 
Email : Bob:    Thanks for the memo and we should discuss in a future meeting dedicated to  form changes. If we adopt the 2000 Definitions in our Schedule, we will also need to change  the existing reference in Part 6(f)(iii) to "Negotiated Fallback" (to Section  7.5(c)(iv))  Also, the term "Relevant Price" is used in the "Negotiated Fallback"  definition. We should clarify whether we need to retain Part 6(f)(iv) of the  Schedule when using "Negotiated Fallback" or whether we intend that "Fallback  Reference Dealers" be an entirely separate and distinct fallback (i.e. the  4th fallback in our Schedule).   <Sep> Subject :  ISDA 2000 Supplement to the 1993 Commodity Derivatives Definitions 
Email : Sometimes I have brilliant ideas and this may not be one of them. Also, it  would be nice if Jennifer had a singing role but I know how kids can be so  don't you worry. I'm not implying that Zachary shouldn't sing (or take on an  acting role as well)  because that would be even better. Or we could do a  quartet. Whatever. But you ,dahling, are the centerpiece here because Mother and Daddy like you  best. So here are my preliminary thoughts for an Irving Houston off-Broadway  play. Naturally this is based on an Ada & Mike premise. (1)  This old suitcase  (Daddy packed the Louis Vuitton without wheels a WEEK  early but Mother wouldn't let him close it and then it wouldn't close) (2)  Lovely Linda  (you remember Linda, don't you?) (3)  Hi Debba, Hi Sara  (what's the story, morning glory, etc. and of course  this is the information hot-line and Mother's source of e-mail)   I'm sure I'll have many more brilliant ideas over the weekend but I wanted  you to be the first to share these ideas with me. Sas  Hope Phoenix was facializing and massaging (and fun to boot)   <Sep> Subject :  "Best Play of the Millennium" 
Email : Mary:  one quick note - I have a "blue file" pilot checkout process ready and  I was going to email our group to implement. Let me know if you need to talk  beforehand. SS   <Sep> Subject :  Paralegal Processes and Training 
Email : Ed:  For purposes of this "omnibus" Transaction, Con Ed requests cross-default to  ENA's guarantor and elimination of setoff for the non-defaulting party's  affiliates. Samantha needs a worksheet for the Transaction before she can  prepare Annex B and B-1. We're sending tonight together with the ISDA Schedule and CSA. Sam:  We need to use the same carve-out for setoff in Annex B-1 as in the  Schedule. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Consolidated Edison Company of New York, Inc. 
Email : Janelle and Tom:  Ed Sacks and I need to speak with you in the a.m. about a  few issues. I have questions about market disruption because Con Ed has asked:  (1)  that Market Quotation apply rather than Loss (in the event of Early  Termination)  Is this a very liquid market? ENA agrees to market quotation only for FX  and short term deals in liquid markets (e.g., gas)  (2)  to jointly determine when a Market Disruption has occurred (after  consultation)  Usually ENA as the Calculation Agent makes this determination in good faith. (3)  to identify two brokers/pricing platforms for purposes of determining  the daily MTM  Each party typically assesses its own MTM for valuation purposes (whether  for collateral calls or termination, etc.). Sounds like Ed and I need to  know what was said to Con Ed about marking  (4)  I think Con Ed was headed in the direction of asking that we each  provide dealer quotes (rather than ENA coming up with two quotes in good  faith) as a Disruption Fallback. Tom, I think we discussed this in a  different situation. Ed and I agreed to conference at 10 am Houston time to discuss these and the  draft docs (which were e-mailed to you).   <Sep> Subject :  Consolidated Edison Company of New York, Inc. 
Email : Janelle and Ed:  I have received two voice mails from Con Ed inquiring about resolution of the  outstanding issues (I left each of you voice mails about these). I'm not  revising any documents until I hear back from you. Janelle:  Please let me know if I need to take any further action. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Consolidated Edison Company of New York, Inc. 
Email : Do you recall the name of the Delaware business trust (which owned the oil  and gas assets) that ECT executed a master with? My memory is shot. SS   <Sep> Subject :  Your memory is better than mine 
Email : Per:  I am told that Mark Taylor sent an email in December to Bob Shultz at EOL  addressing the hedge fund issues (and CTA issues) associated with online  trading and that you and Caroline received that email. Apparently the hedge  fund crises of last year have heightened regulatory scrutiny of the funds'  derivatives activity. EOL does not want to be subjected to any regulatory  oversight. I have not seen the email yet. I will broach the subject with  Mark when he returns to the office.   <Sep> Subject :  hedge funds 
Email : In an effort to avoid loss of our executed agreements/files (master  agreements, brokerage and futures agreements, repo agreements), we are  testing out the  "library approach" and instituting a checkout procedure. Whenever you remove one of these files from the file cabinet, please "hold  the file location" with a signed "card" (legal sized) available on top of the  master agreement file cabinet. You will also see a large sign reminding you  to sign out for your file. When the file is returned, just replace the  "card" with the file and delete your name from the "card". Please be sure to check out all files currently in your office. Thanks for your cooperation.   <Sep> Subject :  check out procedure for swap group files 
Email : Jeff:  I have a copy of an "equity swap" between ENE and JEDI SPV I, LLC dated April  20, 2000 which wants to be a "forward", and which terminates on Sept. 11,  2000. The transaction is for 12,012,804 shares and a Notional USD  852,909,084. Can you send me a copy of the JEDI LP "forward" which appears on Jill's  list? Is it meant to be the confirm above? Sara   <Sep> Subject :  JEDI SPV I equity swap 
Email : Sylvia:  Shortly Samantha Boyd will email to you two documents:  Enron North America  Corp.'s final form of guaranty with most of your requested changes (the "ENA  Guaranty") and a comparison of your guaranty markup against the ENA  Guaranty. I am hopeful that this will be satisfactory for purposes of the  deal at hand. Let me know if you have any questions or comments. Thanks. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Sylvia at Con Edison 
Email : Ed:  CA has responded with the following comments:  (1)  Additional Event of Default - CA will accept if minimum ratings are set  at BBB- or Baa3. (2)  Financials -  no Cargill entities provide quarterly financials as a  matter of practice. (3)  Setoff - will not agree to our usual affiliate setoff language but will  agree to setoff under the ISDA  or other agreements. CA has not accepted our cross default threshold language or guaranty pending  a determination from their credit group. Please let me know your response. Thanks. SS   <Sep> Subject :  Cargill-Alliant, LLC ("CA") 
Email : Rose:  Please email to me the latest draft of the ISDA Schedule/Paragraph 13 so that  we can comment. Also, information about your outside Bahamian counsel would  be appreciated. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Moore Global Investments, Ltd. 
Email : Jason:  Regarding the above party, ENA submitted arbitration and the response was to  submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of NY courts and waive jury trial. You  have this highlighted in yellow and flagged the jury trial waiver. Can you recall if you spoke with Richard about this issue?   <Sep> Subject :  Moore Global Investments, Ltds 
Email : Hey, Stewart:  It looks like Tana has been corresponding with these guys about EOL trading. Modesto was planning to address the ISDA after working with Tana on the  electronic trading agreement. By copy of this message, Tana should let you  know if anything recent has happened on the ISDA front. Let me know if you need anything further. Regards. SS   <Sep> Subject :  Modesto Irrigation District 
Email : Janelle:  I reviewed the email of 1/19/01 from Ben Chu. There are only 2 items listed:  (1)  I will beef up the language to make it absolutely clear that ENA can  select the price only if it hears from ConEd first. (2)  I am not sure that I agree about the NY ISO changing pricing after 30  days. We will need to discuss. I have heard that this is not as frequent an  occurrence as in the past and we are using the same mechanism as the ISDA  procedure for change in prices. (3)  Other than the foregoing, he had no other comments exept to say that he  would review again.   <Sep> Subject :  Consolidated Edison Solutions, Inc. 
Email : A few items to consider for the paralegals:  (1)  We need to organize the various country opinions (ISDA closeout netting,  ENA jurisdictional survey, others) so that they are accessible to the group. We should also have a checkout process for the opinions. We should have  access to the ECTRIC opinion database (which I believe is organized online). I know that I can look in a particular file cabinet located near Susan for  the various volumes of opinions, but where can I find an updated listing of  all of the above? (2)  Impress upon everyone the importance of entering information into Lotus  Notes (for ALL types of agreements). (3) I believe that Sam is in charge of the unanimous consents (for all Enron  affiliates). I for one would like an UPDATED book of the consents (kept  updated). These consents must be maintained and kept current. If Sam is out  of the office, we need access to the book. (4)  We should create a "paralegal manual" as we go. Each person could be  responsible for drafting sections (and you could review their drafting  skills!). Given some time, I could probably help to identify relevant  sections. (5)  Agreement checkout. We need to create a "checkout card" for each file  so that when files are returned to the file cabinet, the checkout card is  retired and placed inside the file for the next checkout. I will volunteer  my assistant to help out but I don't want to step out of turn here so I'll  wait to hear from you. (6)  I have the sense from some of the legal-credit meetings that everyone  needs to be reminded to follow up on outstanding ISDA's (mainly the Top Ten  and high priority items). I'll send additional items as they occur to me. Thanks. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Paralegal items 
Email : Cheryl:  I just finished a conversation with Mara Alexander re:  Cargill-Alliant,  LLC. She was inquiring whether we could add the weather rep (for the Trade  Option Exemption) to that amendment since it was not included in the Master  Agreement between ENA and Cargill, Incorporated. I have not actually  reviewed that master but if she is right, we should not have a problem  complying with the request. SS   <Sep> Subject :  Cargill, Incorporated amendment 
Email : Paul:  John Fortunato has advised me that CP has only three (3) issues with the  draft which we delivered in November, 2000. The credit issues are:  (1)  CP financials available online - we'll need their website address  (2)  CP Threshold for cross default is too low and wish a "higher number" but  have not given John any indication of what they want  Please let John and Stephanie know the outcome so that we can prepare  executable docs. Thanks. P.S. The legal issue was governing law, Texas or NY. CP doesn't care but  needs confirmation and possibly explanation.   <Sep> Subject :  Caraustar Industries, Inc. ("CP") ISDA Master Agreement 
Email : Tracy:  We can't move any further with Southern California Water Company (for  derivatives trading) as they believe that the company requires CA PUC  approval. Does legal need to actively pursue this party for financial  trading? Hope you're surviving!   <Sep> Subject :  Southern California Water Company 
Email : Hello there! Long time no see! Can you please give me a call (EXT. 35620)  to discuss ESA in general? I want to have Marie Heard available as well so  that at least two people can keep track of your activity. Thanks. Sara  ps  My immediate inquiry is the entity hedging South Americal risk   <Sep> Subject :  ESA "legal entities" 
Email : Clem:  I know that you sent Sheila Glover a form of ENE guaranty a few weeks ago. Sheila forwarded it to Bear and we received Bear's form which is  unacceptable. However, if ENE has outstanding guaranties in favor of Bear, I  would need to know since we may be able to use a previously negotiated form. Can you let me know if ENE has ever issued such a guaranty? Thanks. SS   <Sep> Subject :  Bear Stearns Companies, Inc. and all affiliates ("Bear") 
Email : Janelle is set to do the Con Ed trade and will probably execute Monday. Samantha is revising the AnnexB/B-1. Let me know if you have any questions. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Con Ed 
Email : We have a highly negotiated Annex B and B-1 which Samantha has just revised. She will send it to you. It is not to be used ever again (unless we agree  once again). I can't remember where we left off on the confirm format.   <Sep> Subject :  Con Edison - trade done 
Email : All:  Do you need any of the ISDA "boilerplate" language ( the ISDA Master  Agreement and the ISDA Credit Support Annex) to attach to the draft  Schedules/Paragraph 13 which we prepare to send to our counterparties? We do  not have the "boilerplate" in a word document. Also, is there anything that Houston legal can do to facilitate your  transactions?   <Sep> Subject :  ISDA Master Agreements 
Email : Carol:  Here's another paper & pulp master with a relatively new deal person (Steve  Klein). The file has sat for ages and it looks like outside counsel has some  time (he's a good guy). Please let me know. Also, I spoke with Mark and I'd like to sit down with you to do some  brainstorming/planning, e.g., a group offsite, in-house training, form  changes. Today is not a good day but tomorrow is fine. How about 2 pm?   <Sep> Subject :  Enron/Corrugated Services 
Email : I am reviewing comments from our Tuesday meeting. Do you want to follow up with Koch? Or do you want legal to pursue? A draft  was sent out on 01/08/01and we have not heard back.   <Sep> Subject :  Koch Pipelines Canada, L.P. ("Koch") 
Email : David:  In the midst of leaving my voice mail, I think I realized my error. I believe that a guarantor can be a "corporation,....entity" having total  asssts exceeding $10million. However, that subpart (I) guarantor cannot be  one that falls into the subpart (III) category (which is different from the  prior law).   <Sep> Subject :  Eligible Contract Participant 
Email : Joe:  A few questions:  1. Who trades this? 2. What book does it sit in? 3. What legal entity is that book? Please let me know as we are comparing this to another product. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  WTI-Brent trades 
Email : Clem:  Attached to the end of this string of emails is the Bear, Stearns & Co.  ("Bear") form of guaranty. My only issue is with Section 1. Consents,  Waivers and Renewals of the Bear guaranty which Bear insists upon . Although  Bear will agree to the Enron form of guaranty,  our Par. 4 Setoffs and  Counterclaims problematic in light of Bear's waiver provision. I'd like to  discuss with you. ENA has agreed to a Securities Lending arrangement with Bear and the ENE  guaranty (capped at $25million and restricted to ENA's arrangements with  Bear) is part of that "package". FYI, several Enron companies have accounts with Bear. When do you think we could discuss?   <Sep> Subject :  Bear Stearns Guarantee. I'll call to follow up tomorrow a.m. 
Email : Brant:  I haven't heard of anyone pushing this internally but there are serious  issues here because of the "agency" relationship that Energy New England has  with various municipals. You want the municipals on the dotted line and not  the agent. How do you want to handle?   <Sep> Subject :  RESPONSE TO ENRON DRAFT ISDA  -  Energy New England LLC 
Email : Do either of you have a copy of the "Power of Attorney" which the four  municipal utilities granted to Energy New England LLC? I seem to recall a  one or rwo paragraph document. Thanks. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Energy New England, LLC 
Email : Ed & Brant:  I'm being hounded by ENE but no Enron traders seem interested. Brant  prepared a new worksheet based upon which we sent a new ISDA. ENE  "represents" four municipal utilities and is trying to negotiate ISDA's on  behalf of those utilities. I think the agent is off-base and I'm not sure  that any of the utilities really want to trade financial. Ed, Shari suggested that you may have some insight into ENE. Should I drop  this one altogether? Or are we interested in pursuing? Either Ed or Brant please let me know. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Energy New England LLC ("ENE") 
Email : I received a call from Doug Sewall (midwest power) who wants to market this  product to Canadian hydro utilities. Doug says that the product is  originating from David Hoog's group and is an "insurance" type product for  generation outage. Please let me know if anyone is familiar with this item.   <Sep> Subject :  "multiple trigger" unit protection product 
Email : Stephanie:  The fax that you gave to me with this file states that the CP  wants to change jurisdiction "back to New York." I don't see a prior draft;  only a blackline against a Weyerhaeuser Company LImited document, the latter  ISDA having been executed in June, 2000. Does his question refer to that  executed master? If so, please let me know what we agreed to. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Weyerhaeuser Co. 
Email : John and Marc:  Legal needs your help! As you know, Cargill and ENA are  frequent trading partners. We have never put a swap master agreement in  place. In this day and age, we would be negligent to not execute the swap  master agreement  Cargill's legal department received a draft of our ISDA Master Agreement TWO  MONTHS AGO. I need your help to prompt the Cargill trader(s) to put some  pressure on their legal department to negotiate the agreement with ENA. The  Cargill traders may call PHIL FANTLE. Would you please make some calls and let me know who you speak with and when? You can then give me a call or drop me an voice mail (Ext. 35620).   <Sep> Subject :  Cargill, Incorporated - WE NEED TO EXECUTE AN ISDA MASTER AGREEMENT 
Email : Richard:  Highlighted below are changes to our standard confidentiality language=20 requested by a banking counterparty to an ISDA agreement. Would you let me= =20 know if it is acceptable? (i) Confidentiality. The contents of this Agreement and all other document= s=20 relating to this Agreement, and any information made available by one party= =20 or its Credit Support Provider to the other party or its Credit Support=20 Provider with respect to this Agreement is confidential and shall not be=20 disclosed to any third party (nor shall any public announcement relating to= =20 this Agreement be made by either party), except for such information (i) as= =20 may become generally available to the public, other than as a result of a= =20 disclosure in violation of the terms hereof (ii) as may be required or=20 appropriate in response to any summons, subpoena, or otherwise in connectio= n=20 with any litigation or to comply with any applicable law, order, regulation= ,=20 ruling, or accounting disclosure rule or standard, whether in response=20 thereto or upon initiation by either party in defending itself, reducing it= s=20 liability, or protecting or exercising any of its claims, rights, remedies = or=20 interests under or in connection with this Agreement or any Transaction (ii= i)=20 as may be obtained from a non-confidential source that disclosed such=20 information in a manner that did not violate its obligations to the=20 non-disclosing party or its Credit Support Provider in making such=20 disclosure, or (iv) as may be furnished to the disclosing party=01,s Affili= ates,=20 and to each of such person=01,s auditors, attorneys, advisors or lenders wh= ich=20 are required to keep the information that is disclosed in confidence. Thanks. =20   <Sep> Subject :  confidentiality language 
Email : Sharon:  With respect to the ENE form of guaranty, we will agree to delete Paragraph 4  (setoff and counterclaims) in its entirety. This is a major concession by  ENE. Can you now agree to the remainder of the ENE guaranty format? Please  let me know. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Enron Corp ("ENE") guaranty of Enron North America Corp. 
Email : I have engaged South African counsel. The response may take a few weeks but  your transaction can proceed prior to that time. However, I will need some  time to refine our ISDA Schedule and learn about the counterparty. Please  keep me up-to-date. Thanks. Sara  ps:  I can talk   <Sep> Subject :  South African trading partner 
Email : Dee:  I am trying to hear from credit on about four issues, namely, the legal  entity, need for First Union Corp. guaranty (due to the availability of  financials), haircut on bonds and Specified Conditions. I would then propose  preparation of a blackline to squeeze out the remaining issues. If I hear  from credit tomorrow (and I'm pushing), I could have the blackline by  Wednesday and we could talk. Hopefully, we'd be done by this week. Hope  this works. Regards.   <Sep> Subject :  ISDA Master Agreement with Enron North America Corp. 
Email : Mark:  I vote for a review of the act NOW, say the last week of February (Feb 26 -  March 2). The ISDA seminar is the following week if that is an attraction  for the speaker. I will give you a list of suggested issues in the next day  or so. Have fun.   <Sep> Subject :  Commodity Futures Modernization Act of 2000 
Email : Richard:  This is a first for me. I received the following objection to our standard  arbitration language:  "The arbitration does not provide for expedited procedures with limited  discovery and limited live testimony. This could take as long as in court  and cost more." Is this a valid objection? If so, how should we amend our language? Or  should we be silent as to jurisdicition without waiving any objections  (venue, forum) and waive jury trial? I look forward to hearing from you. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  ENA arbitration language 
Email : Tana:  A lawyer from Amerada Hess (Dana Dellacona) will probably call you  about EOL trading. She is interested in several trading relationships which  you can see from the email that I sent to Tanya. Let me know if you have any  questions. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Hess Energy Trading Company, LLC ("Hess") and affiliates 
Email : I think you were going to identify the Lagrasta deals after our meeting of  last Tuesday (Oct. 19). I've done a quick review (although I'm not as  familiar with the deals as you may be) and think there are 9 deals:   Aries Resources, LLC [Classic Resources Inc.] - dropped Formosa Hydrocarbons, Inc. - Breslau also concerned Hallwood Energy Corporation HS Resources Inc. Neumin Production Co. - Breslau also concerned Titan Resources L.P. TXU Energy Trading Company (?) Vastar Resources, Inc.  Could you please verify. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Lagrasta deals from the "Legal Credit List" 
Email : Mark:    Attached is my "short version" of Eligible Contract Participant (I would  generally send to credit, new lawyer, etc.) I am still uncertain about the  status of the Trade Option Exemption (Issue 4); I understood from the  conversation that you, Brent and I had that the old rules were out. I have  heard a different interpretation. What is the status of this exemption under  the new law?   <Sep> Subject :  Commodity Futures Modernization Ace 
Email : Dee:  We are working on the blackline. Since the "deal" that you mentioned  yesterday has no bearing on the master between ENA and FUNB, there is no  emergency at hand. A few things to note:    (1)  regarding "Procedures for entering into Transactions,"  my suggestion is  that you consider a reasonable time period in which to respond upon receipt  of a confirmation. It is in both parties best interest to have an executed  (and therefore enforceable) writing  This can be accomplished by under the NY  General Obligations law by our agreement as to a "deemed response" if a party  will not sign a trade confirmation. (2)  regarding the concept of "Specified Transaction", ENA has reconsidered  the earlier concession to exclude most Termination Events as Specified  Conditions. It is not ENA's position to unwind Transactions upon the  occurrence of these events, and, therefore, each party ought to be able to  rely upon the protections afforded it under the related provisions. Regarding the Credit Event Upon Merger, FUNB is protected with the amendment  which we make to Section 5(b)(iv). I hope that the blackline will resolve our outstanding issues.   <Sep> Subject :  blackline of master 
Email : Randy:  Please forgive me for missing the call this morning. I mistakenly  thought that my 7:30 am doctor's appointment was tomorrow and not this  morning. Just a brief update to my resport of yesterday, Lynn, Brent and I are meeting  this afternoon to discuss the Tozzini response and set plans for another trip  to Sao Paulo to meet with the lawyers and refine the review. I'll keep you  briefed because I know that we're fast approaching year-end and Tozzini will  be in a crunch. We can discuss as the need arises. Also, Lynn is preparing his synopsis regarding Don's recent inquiries about  trading office locations. Don's questions tie into the legal review of  financial trading options in general but it's a good idea to address these up  front. Please call if you have any questions. I promise to be back on board next  week. Regards. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  ESA Legal Management Committee Meeting 
Email : Richard:  The corporate workbook reflects that the officers of Enron Credit, Inc. all  reside in the U.K. I don't see anyone identified with a power of attorney  for executing documents in Houston. As there may be tax issues associated with U.K. officers signing (in the U.K)  on behalf of a U.S. company, I am asking  for verification from Janine. My suggestion is that Enron Credit Ltd. negotiate and execute the agreement  and include the usual "affiliates, representatives, etc." who may need to  know any confidential information. Your V.P. 's are all in London. If Janelle confirms that it's alright for Brown, Sherriff or Seyfried to sign  for Enron Credit, Inc. from London, then we can prepare the document and have  a V.P. sign and fax the agreement to the U.S. party. At a minimum, though,  we should try to work from our form of NDA. Let me know if you have any questions.   <Sep> Subject :  Confidentiality Agreement with Scana 
Email : I believe that there is a general consensus that Clem needs assistance to  respond timely to  the mounting number of guaranties requested from Enron  Corp. In speaking with Clem, it seems that any evidence of increased and  increasing business and demand for guaranties will be helpful for him to  obtain help. Would your group be able to put together some facts and  projections which might address the continuing demand for new guaranties? Since you are the first (and most important) point of contact for evaluating  potential business, I think that your input would be extremely valuable for  Clem to "plead his case."   <Sep> Subject :  Enron Corp. guaranties 
Email : Anna:  Do want to prepare the Exhibits A and B or shall I? I would like to have the  doc executed today. Also, please forward to me a copy of the final form of  guaranty which you agreed to with Clement Abrams. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Securities Loan Agreement 
Email : Tanya:  We finally agreed on the guaranty form (the cap is $25 million) and are about  ready to execute the actual agreement. I have one question:  in the ISDA  world, we use "cost of funds plus 1%" as the default interest rate. The Bear  document provides:  "...interest thereon at a rate equal to (A) in the case of purchases of  Foreign Securities, LIBOR, (B) in the case of purchases of any other  securities (or other amounts, if any, due to Lender hereunder), the Federal  Funds Rate or (C) such other rate as may be specified in Schedule B, in each  case as such rate fluctuates from day to day, from the date of such purchase  until the date of payment of such excess." What is your preference:  Bear's standard language or do you want to specify  another rate?   <Sep> Subject :  Bear Stearns "Securities Loan Agreement" 
Email : Sam:  the addressee for the guaranty is :  mmidden@anz.com            (his  name is Michael Midden)  The message is :  Attached for your immediate review is the form of Enron  Corp. ("Enron") guaranty which would be utilized to guaranty all financial  trading obligations pursuant to an ISDA Master Agreement and transactions  thereunder which would be entered into between Enron North America Corp. and  ANZ Bank. Jason Williams (in Enron's risk control group) asked that you  receive a copy of Enron's form of guaranty if you had not already received  one. We are in the process of preparing a draft ISDA Master Agreement  and  will forward it to you next week. Please let us know if you have any  questions. Please copy Jay Williams and me. Thanks and sorry for such short notice.   <Sep> Subject :  ANZ Bank email information 
Email : Jane:  Susan is trying to revise the Services Agreement once again and the  "governing law" issue was raised. I do not have any memoranda addressing  which choice of law would be binding on Enron Japan Corp. However, I note  that the draft ISDA marked by our Japanese counsel for use by Enron Japan  Corp. and IBJ elects New York law (AA email to me dated 9/21/00). Are either  Texas or New York law preferable for the Services Agreement? Thanks for your assistance. Regards.   <Sep> Subject :  Representative Agreement between Enron Japan Corp. and Enron North  America Corp. (the "Services Agreement") 
Email : We need the revised confirm now. I'd like to review it when you're done. I  sent the legal opinion draft to Deseret yesterday and they are sending their  draft back shortly  (I received a fax from them at 9:30 am today). Thanks. SS  Mike:  Do you want to see our legal opinion draft and/or Deseret's draft  opinion to be sent shortly?   <Sep> Subject :  Deseret 
Email : AFAC and Marcelo:  We are in the process of reviewing the Comparative Chart  and attached memorandum and will soon provide a list of remaining issues  which Enron North America and South America would like to have addressed. We  are also attempting to identify specific types of transactions which may be  required to hedge Enron risk in Brazil before 12/31/99. For planning  purposes, the "group" would like to meet with you in Sao Paulo during the  week of November 28. We are hoping that you may be able to accomodate us  on  November 30 (Tuesday), December 1 (Wednesday) or December 2 (Thursday). Please let us hear from you. Regards. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Financial Trading in Brazil 
Email : Susan:  The internal EOL FX products will be opened up to third parties shortly. I'm  reviewing the GTC's. With respect to the tax reps which are incorporated  into the GTC's, I think we need a "universal" rep since the products could be  traded by parties residing anywhere in the world. I believe that the first  week in March is the target EOL date. Can you prepare the tax rep section for the GTC's? I am not aware of any  other EOL product having this type of rep but I am not familiar with the  totality of EOL products. Please call me if you have any questions. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  EOL tax reps 
Email : Stephanie:  I have the blue file in my office and a marked version of the ENE guaranty. However, we are missing the recent assisgnment from the NY office to London  which you and I discussed last week. I was waiting for you to figure out  whether the assignment is MIA. SS   <Sep> Subject :  Merrill Lynch International Bank Ltd. 
Email : Janine:  Congratulations on your promotion! I need an update on the back-office relationship between Enron Credit Inc.  (ECI) and Enron Credit Ltd. (ECL) Does London confirm the ECI trades? If so,  I assume there is a power of attorney from ECI to someone in London. Or will  ECI trades be confirmed in the U.S.? I received a call from someone in London inquiring as to whether Greg Whalley  could sign for ENA because he was in London. I believe this was in relation  to the credit business. Are U.K. traders booking credit deals in the name of  ENA or is this some type of back-office function performed on behalf of ENA? Any reason not to use ECI or ECL  here? Also, can you send a copy of the services agreement (if any) between any  companies performing services on behalf of either ECI or ECL? Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Enron Credit Inc. 
Email : Anna:  I just received your voice mail. The package (including the Enron Corp.  guaranty) has already gone out via Federal Express to your attention. You  should receive it tomorrow. Also, Enron North America Corp. would like to assign the agreement to Enron  Credit Inc. (a Delaware corporation). Would you like for me to prepare the  assignment or shall I? Please advise. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Securities Loan Agreement 
Email : Sam:  There are now two entries for J.P. Morgan Futures, Inc. I didn't  realize that you had entered an agreement. I didn't want to delete your  entry but I don't understand what you entered. Is it a futures agreement? I  am negotiating the futures agreement. Also, the email address you entered is  incorrect. Please help.   <Sep> Subject :  J.P. Morgan Futures Inc. 
Email : Thomas:  Attached is a redline of the Client Agreement. I know that Gary Hickerson  will be meeting with J P Morgan early next week and would like to have this  agreed. Please advise as to what attorney will review my comments and put me  in touch with that person today. Please let me know if you have any  questions. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Futures Agreement 
Email : Janine:  I would like to meet with you (and Guenther) regarding two topics:  (1)  softs trading (together with Bob Bruce)  (2)  credit trading (do we need anyone else?) Either of Tuesday or Friday morning works fine. Let me propose 9 am Tuesday  for softs and 10 am for credit (and I am flexible). Bob and I are located  only several offices apart on the 38th floor of the Enron building. We look forward to hearing from you.   <Sep> Subject :  Meeting in Houston 
Email : Marcelo:  Attached are my comments to your initial draft of Appendix C to the Canadian  form of repo agreement. Please note the following:  (1)  You attached "Annex II" to the end of Appendix C.  That annex came from  the US repo with Merrill. The information should actually be incorporated  into "Appendix A" of your repo agreement. (2)  I am waiting to hear internally regarding substitution and a default  issue. (3)  Please let me know if we have any issues on the Appendix C (and add a  reference to Appendix C at the end of your printed form). We should be ready to execute shortly. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Repo comments 
Email : Cheryl:  Goldman is one of the brokers "messed up" in Lotus Notes. I had given you  the files some time ago with my comments. I think it would make sense for us  to sort through Goldman for all affiliated companies. I don't see an  agreement in Lotus Notes for ECT Inv. and Goldman Int'l.   <Sep> Subject :  Goldman Sachs International - Terms of Business Letter 
Email : (1) The ENA Securities Loan Agreement/ENE Guaranty was received by Bear on  2/22. Bear is preparing a form of assignment from ENA to Enron Credit Inc.  (2)  JP Morgan sending comments to Futures Agreement  (3)  I am reviewing Chase custody agreement. I need info on a legal contact  at Chase. (4)  ML Canada repo. Waiting for response. (4)  Enron Credit Inc. accounts. Preparing form of assignment for all three  accounts. Cheryl opening the accounts. NOTE:  In general, Cheryl will be  responsible for opening accounts.   <Sep> Subject :  agreement update 
Email : I have registered for this one day class. I was unable to secure a place in  the "Structuring Power Transacations" class for Nov. 10 and 11 and I am  waitlisted. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Electric Business Understanding - Nov. 16 
Email : Corinne:  I just sent you a fax re:  arbitration. I have not heard from your salesperson re:  interest schedule for debit rate  (Sec. 2) and credit rate (Sec. 6). Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  futures agreement 
Email : Sheila:  Regarding the JP Morgan ("JP") Futures Agreement, please see the  attached for debit and credit rates which JP charges its customers. I asked  for (1) agreed to overnight rate for debit rate and (2) Fed Funds for  interest rate. Please let me know if you are agreeable to the attached  rates. SS   <Sep> Subject :  JPM's interest schedule 
Email : Paul:  Laurel Adams told me that you would provide me with a name and phone number  of someone at Chase for purposes of negotiating the global custody account. Do you have any information? Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Chase custody account 
Email : Mara:  Are we done? I don't think we have heard from you about the master? Can we go ahead and have the guaranty executed? I don't think we have any  outstanding issues.   <Sep> Subject :  ISDA Master Agreement 
Email : Is anyone familiar with an ISDA Master Agreement executed between ENA and the  above company? I have received a Security Agreement executed by this party  seeking ENA's signature and the document references the Endorsement (to a  policy  - what policy?) issued to ENA on 10/19/00 which defines the ISDA  agreement. This could be related to credit activity in London. I am waiting  to hear from Jeff Kinneman and Denis O'Connell.   <Sep> Subject :  R.V.I. Guaranty Co., Ltd., a Bermuda reinsurance company and  Continental Insurance Company 
Email : Frank:   Did you ever send out comments on TVA? I didn't see an update in Lotus  Notes. Please let me know as I would like to call Joe back.   <Sep> Subject :  TVA's Response to the ISDA Agreement 
Email : Are the two electronic trading agreements for ENA and ECT Investments with  different Bear entities? I am currently revising the institutional account agreement for ENA as part  of my negotiation of the Securities Loan Agreement. I don't want to "trip  over" the two referenced agreements.   <Sep> Subject :  Bear Stearns 
Email : Before my next meeting with the Tozzini lawyers this month, I would like to  create a list of SPECIFIC products for managing Enron's Brazilian risk. Bruce Harris is creating a list which he will forward to you shortly. Please  review this list, comment and identify any products required for trading  prior to December 31, 1999. Please let me hear from you if you would like to  discuss any issues in particular. Thanks. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Financial Trading in Brazil 
Email : What person(s) in London prepares credit for the English and Singapore  financial transactions? At some point in the not so distant future, the  Houson and London credit departments need to speak in order that each  understands the "philosophy" behind credit analysis for the omnibus and  master transactions. I look forward to hearing from you. Regards. Sara  ps  Congrats on your promotion! I didn't have a chance to speak with you  after the offsite to shake your hand. Hope you enjoyed your weekend in  Houston.   <Sep> Subject :  London/Singapore credit 
Email : Pat:  I've  finished reviewing the confirms and am missing the following FX  confirmations:  (1)  National Bank of Canada  4/25/01 maturity  (2)  Comerica   4/17/01 maturity  (2)  Scotia Bank   maturities for 5/8/01, 6/8/01, 7/8/01 and 8/8/01  Also, if you have added more transactions beyond your January 31, 2001  summary, we would like copies. Other than with respect to the two Forward Extras with Bank of America, are  there any restrictions in your credit agreements with the various banks that  require notice and/or consent (with respect to forward positions) when there  is a change of ownership, etc. (as to Daishowa)?   <Sep> Subject :  forward confirmations 
Email : Hi, Tanya:  I received another call from Dana Dellacona at Hess asking about online and  offline trading. I'll direct her once again to Tana for online trading. I'll ask her again to describe the products they want to trade. Will you evaluate?   <Sep> Subject :  Hess Energy Trading Company, LLC ("Hess") and affiliates 
Email : Mark:  I just received a copy of my "IOU/municipal" chart from last year with  an undated note from you about our omnibus format/IOU's. I would like to  speak with you especially since I'm speaking with credit about municipals on  Wednesday. As a practical matter, I'm not sure whether we even transact with utilities  on the omnibus. Perhaps Tana can answer the question as to online trading  and the confirmation desk as to offline trading. Secondly, I'm not sure how  often the Additional Event of Default is successfully negotiated into the  ISDA Agreement. The latter point might be worth an email to the lawyers. Do you have a few minutes today?   <Sep> Subject :  IOU's and "Additional Event of Default" 
Email : Attached is a list of high volume "old" ECT Masters which was obtained from  the confirmation desk. Many of them appeared on our working list from last  year. Tanya:  We have enough legal help to pursue the names on the list. Would you  like to prioritize or amend?   <Sep> Subject :  Non-ISDA Master CP's 
Email : Frank:  FYI. Let's tell her that we can execute the :  (1)  letter (2)  the separate ISDA amendment (3) our understanding (together with Vastar's) of the "old" guaranty. I have a doctor's appointment at noon but I'll be back afterwards.   <Sep> Subject :  ENRON MIRANT SOCO ISDA AMENDMENT LTR MIR LCMTS.DOC 
Email : Richard:  Does Enron Credit Inc. have U.S. resident officers/directors? Cheryl Nelson  is trying to set up three U.S. brokerage accounts and needs signatories. Please let Cheryl know. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Enron Credit Inc. 
Email : Tanya:  I have been reviewing some of Gary Hickerson's older master agreements which  may require amending (to provide for multibranch transactions). I wanted to  verify which master we are relying on for UBS AG. The files are a little  confusing but it appears that we use the May 31, 1993  Swiss Bank Corporation  master (and not the March 15, 1994 master with Union Bank of Switzerland). Do you have any recollection of this?   <Sep> Subject :  amending ISDA Masters 
Email : Hi, Steve:  We am preparing a form of assignment from ECT Investments, Inc. in favor of  Enron North America Corp. whch will transfer several credit derivative  Transactions. I anticipate an attachment to the assignment which will  identify the trades. I believe that Bill Bradford (Ernon) and Mark  Tarkington have discussed these trades and Bill is sending me the list. Please let me know that you are aware of this request. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Assignment of trades 
Email : Paul:  Just checking to see if you are the lawyer monitoring equity trading in the  U.K. I am charged with the oversight of Gary Hickerson's equity activity  here in Houston and I want to coordinate with the London lawyer. Please  advise. Also, I heard that you were recently married. Congratulations!   <Sep> Subject :  equity trading in the U.K. 
Email : Audrea:  Per my voice mail of date, please feel free to contact me aboutthe 2/1/01 gas  floor. As I mentioned in my voice mail, the ISDA Commodity Derivatives  Definitions provide for the Floating Amount language for caps and floors (see  Section 6.2). "Exercise" language is not necessary as this is addressed in  the referenced definitions.   <Sep> Subject :  Confirmation with Enron North America Corp. 
Email : Mr. Geoffrey Pack;  Per Sarah Heineman's earlier discussion with you, Enron North America Corp.  ("ENA") will shortly email to you the ISDA Schedule and Paragraph 13. We do  not have ISDA boilerplate in word format and assume that you have such  documents. If not, please let us know. We received internal credit information in mid-January. Unfortunately, the  derivatives legal group at ENA has been short staffed until very recently so  we apologize for the delay in submitting draft documentation to you. We did  email the Enron Corp. form of guaranty to Michael Midden on 2/16/01. We are  currently working with Jay Williams (credit) to respond to any credit issues  and John Suttle has transferred to our Australia office. Please feel free to contact me if you have any questions.   <Sep> Subject :  ISDA Master Agreement 
Email : Please see if the attached format documents the par forward transactions in a  manner more like CIBC (and a little different than the ENA format). Stuart:  I'll send the GTC's to you for review today. I'm updating the ISDA  format used in the global weather transactions (which are the only products  using this format). We may need to adjust the product description.   <Sep> Subject :  FRA confirmation format 
Email : Laurie:  My info is below. I'll call you at 2 pm Houston (3 pm NY) to discuss the  ISDA which we'll email shortly. Please feel free to call before then. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Merrill/Allegheny transaction 
Email : Frank:  BEWARE! This ISDA was almost finalized but for disagreement about assignment  and arbitration (so there's not much in the Annex A to dispute). Check Lotus  Notes first and add to this file.   <Sep> Subject :  NYSEG 
Email : (1)  I cannot speak with Caroline Abramo at 2. Please call her and explain  that I'm in the midst of  transaction which must close today (it may roll  into Monday). Tuesday is a safe bet. Mention that the deal is being pushed  by the 50th floor over here. (2)  Did you call Stuart? Just let me know and I'll call him when I get off  this call.   <Sep> Subject :  conference calls today 
Email : Sorry for the mixup. Attached is template for confirm and then the GTC  (minus tax reps). I'm trying to fit in the tax reps in between phone calls  and will distribute to Susan Musch (tax) for review. Stuart:  Who else should be on the review list? Thanks. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  par forward attachments 
Email : Kate: A few points about the last draft of the Agreement:  (1)  Par. 1(a):  the transfer and assumption is effective as of March 16,  2001 and not as of the Collateral Return  (2)  Par. 1(d):  the parties have already agreed to use one set of  spreadsheets  (3)  Par. 3:  the ML&Co. guaranties are not being released because there are  existing deals in place. The guaranties will only be released as to the  transferred Transactions  (4)  Par. 6:  conform language to side letters   <Sep> Subject :  Transfer and Assumption Agreement ("Agreement") 
Email : Please decide who should be assigned to this counterparty and add to Lotus  Notes. It's a Top Ten and we need to follow up. Thanks. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  J. Aron & Company 
Email : Samantha Boyd had a death in her family early this morning and I do not know  when she will return to work. I do not know her computer password she is  working on time sensitive documents with correspondence being done through  email. Please reset her computer password and lotus notes password so I may  access the correspondence. Please notify me of the new passwords. Thank you,   <Sep> Subject :  Emergency Password Reset 
Email : Tracy:  I just spoke wtih Stewart about this counterparty and the fact that you  previously prepared credit (for physical trading). Please send a credit  worksheet for financial trading and we can deliver a draft ISDA to the lawyer  per Stewart's instructions. Let me know if you have any questions. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  WAPA ISDA Request 
Email : Susan:  This may look confusing! It contains all of our "choices" for  preparing the documents. See Part 2 (Tax Reps) and the end of the document  which has our "choices" of tax forms. I thought it might be helpful to be very basic about withholding issues,  etc., why we need the tax reps, and what questions we could ask upfront about  a party that would help us select an appropriate tax module. We tend to not  "think" and expect a party "fill in the blank" when we are preparing draft  documents.   <Sep> Subject :  Copy of ISDA Schedule (internal "form") 
Email : Mark:  This is a chronic problem which I have addressed with Cheryl on more  than one occasion (hence the email of this morning). Her priorities are not  currently with the swap group. Also, Carol will not be a reliable backup for  structured deals since Julia's group will demand more of her time. I don't  know what Angela's load will be like as an ongoing substitute. Last night we  received notice of Yosemite IV and I'm hoping that Angela can cover. Alternatively, we may need to consider Frank, Francisco or Cheryl.   <Sep> Subject :  Scheduling & Conflicts 
Email : Russell:  I received your voice mail about the one (1) year financial trade done  between ENA and CP. The three-month limitation on trades is only an internal  ENA control which was imposed by credit some years ago. Please refer to  Lotus Notes for a more comprehensive explanation. The Master Agreement has been executed. However, CP was unable to render a  legal opinion vouching for "blanket" enforceability of the trades due to  conflicting PUC orders which are still in effect today. What is credit's position when your internal policy is violated? Who was the  trader? Have you spoken with the trader?   <Sep> Subject :  San Diego Gas & Electric Co. ("CP") 
Email : Justin:  I haven't heard from you in some time now. How is everything? Are  you going to be in San Antonio? I wanted to set up a short call to discuss equity trading and what Houston  and London can do (are doing?) to stay abreast of activity and developments  on the trading desks. Please let me know a convenient time for you. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  equity trading in the U.K. 
Email : Susan:  I agreed with Kim Farr at First Union to send our resolution (with  certificate). When you have a chance, would you please handle. Thanks. (p.s. - First Union will be an important equity trading partner for Enron  Corp. and we'll be dealing with the same lawyers, etc.)   <Sep> Subject :  First Union Corp./ENA Master Agreement 
Email : Kim and Jay:  Attached is the format which we last discussed. Remember, this is what we  require for municipals and governmental entities. Call if you have any  quesitons. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  ISDA Master Agreement Negotiation process for governmentals 
Email : Stewart:  I spoke with Rawleigh White (Tribal CFO) and the Tribe's outside counsel the  other day. Pending receipt of Tracy's credit worksheet, I'll send the  Tribe/lawyers a "sample ISDA without credit" which is not specific to the  Tribe. The lawyers will begin to determine if the Tribe is an "eligible  contract participant" for purposes of the Commodity Exchange Act. Rawleigh wants to know if Enron is interested in helping the Tribe finance  the purchase of the two dams. Can you please address for West Origination  and respond to Raleigh? Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Warm Springs Tribe 
Email : Hey, Jason:  Hope you're doing alright. I received a call from NY and before I called  back, I checked the infamous Lotus Notes. It seems that you were going to  send a letter to NY summarizing the outstanding issues (I think there was  only one issue). Please let me know if this was ever done. Thanks. On a sad note, I don't know if you heard but Samantha's 19-month old daughter  (adoption not final) was killed in a tragic car accident last week. The  child managed to crawl under the car while it was in the driveway and Sam  didn't see her. Did you really get to know Samantha? If so, and if you  would like her home address, please let me know.   <Sep> Subject :  N.Y  State Electric & Gas Corporation ("NY") 
Email : Serge:  Sorry to take so long to respond. A few things:  (1)  What is the correct legal name of the entity you are inquiring about? Is it the unregulated marketing arm of the regulated utility? (2)  There has not been a commercial push from the ENA perspective to set up  a new agreement with FPL which explains why I cannot get our credit  goup to  react. I'll broach the topic again when  I hear from you. Please let me know if you have any other questions.   <Sep> Subject :  your request for FPL Energy Power Marketing ("FPL") ISDA Master  Agreement 
Email : Maria:  I was waiting to see if Jason Peters ever sent a "position letter" to you  when we brought this negotiation back inhouse. Absent that information, it  appears that we had at least one issue remaining and it concerned the  disruption fallbacks, in particular, your request for both you and ENA to  each obtain two quotes and then average those quotes (the ultimate  fallback). We cannot agree to your request. The last database entry I  reflect was in October, 2000, when we were having difficulty obtaining your  response. Given the lapse of time, we could try to generate a blackline and review the  status. Please let me know what you would like to do.   <Sep> Subject :  negotiation of ISDA Master Agreement 
Email : Cheryl:  Let's keep the 1:30 scheduled meeting on Wednesday to discuss brokerage  items. Would you please forward to me the updated list. In addition to the  existing agreements, we need to discuss electronic trading platform reviews  (based upon the Haedicke memo).   <Sep> Subject :  meeting 
Email : Anna:  I know that you have been negotiating with Cheryl Nelson about the new ECI  account. I am receiving urgent calls from ECI traders and hope you give me  some answers since Cheryl is in a meeting. Can we execute the ECI agreement today? Have we agreed on the assignment? Does the assignment also provide for the transfer of the Master Securities  Loan Agreement? Regarding the new ENE guaranty, Cheryl has told me that this was already  requested. I'll check on the expedited delivery date. Please call me when you receive this email. Thanks very much for your  attention to this matter.   <Sep> Subject :  Enron Credit Inc.  ("ECI") 
Email : Enron North America Corp. will be the contracting party. For your  information, Enron Corp. is the parent. The street address is listed below  (the "EB" number is my location). Please call me in the a.m. for other  questions you may have.   <Sep> Subject :  Please call me with your questions 
Email : Hi, Linda and Sharon:  Please let me know if Russell sent revised worksheets to you guys. I left a  message for him a few minutes ago. I know he goes on vacation Thursday. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Questions regarding Confirmations 
Email : All:  Attached are the two (2) final version GTC's. The legal terminology is  identical for each product. However, Stuart needs to provide a title for  each product which will also appear in the Paragraph 1. The former Paragraph 2 has been deleted (it contained the "confirmation  terms") and the remaining paragraphs renumbered. Justin:  Will you circulate the revised long description (since your  conversation with Stuart yesterday afternoon)? Also, will you let us all  know when we are competely done? Please call with comments as soon as possible.   <Sep> Subject :  online GTC's for the BOFC day/seasonal financial "swaps" 
Email : Subsequent to our swap group meeting with Clement last week, I have discussed  the issue further with Jeff Hodge, Peter Keohane, Russell Diamond and Clem. In addition to ENA, ECC is feeling the pressure of delays for obtaining  corporate guaranties caused by increased guaranty requests, too few signers  and insufficient legal staffing to handle the volume. Although Clem will have assistance soon, we concluded that it would be  prudent to begin negotiation of a guaranty immediately rather than wait for  the conclusion of the master agreement (or confirmation) negotiations. Please try to incorporate this approach, particularly with Canadian  counterparties. Credit will continue to push our internal form of Enron Corp. guaranty.   <Sep> Subject :  Negotiation of the Enron Corp. guaranty 
Email : Tracy:  The Allegheny swap side letter provides that the parties will make a good  faith effort to negotiate the ISDA master by April 6. I am waiting with the  firrst redraft of the agreement but can't get a response from anyone as to  whom and where to send (via email). I've left voice mails for Yair and Kate  at Allegheny and Lauren at Sullivan and Cromwell. Can you exert some pressure here?   <Sep> Subject :  Allegheny 
Email : Hi, Lauren:  I cannot find the new email address for the Allegheny lawyer for delivery of  a revised ISDA Schedule. I left a voice mail for Yair Yaish and for Laurie  Peddicord but have not heard back. Can you provide me with the latest information? Are you the lawyer who should receive this Schedule? Please let me hear from  you. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Allegheny ISDA Schedule (revised) 
Email : Yair:  Attached is a blacklined (against the Enron North America Corp. draft of  3/15/01) Schedule and Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex. I have  tried to incorporate the essence of the March 19, 2001 "swap side letter  agreement." Please call me to discuss as it would be nice to finalize by  April 6. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  ISDA Schedule/Paragraph 13 
Email : Susan:    Just a reminder that our meeting is at 10:00 am on Wednesday, 38C1. Please  confirm that you will be able to attend and speak to us re:  tax issues for  derivatives. I am glad to assist in any way. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Swap Group Meeting - Wednesday, April 4 
Email : Russ and Richard:  The referenced agreement was sent  to you for execution on December 7, 2000. We have never received an executed original of the agreement or the guaranty  from Lehman Bros. Holdings Inc.  We have called on several occasions to  locate these instruments. Please let us know if there is a problem.   <Sep> Subject :  ISDA Master Agreement between Enron Corp. ("Enron") and Lehman  Bros. Finance S.A. ("Lehman") 
Email : Jorge:  I may send you some emails throughout the day to help clarify some  things for me. Where are your definitions of "Calculation Period" and "IPA Modified  Calculation Period"? In your definition of "IPA Floating Rate Payment", you use the term "Share  Spread" which is not defined. What do you mean? There is a dangling  definition of "Share Spread" at the end of the IPA Compensation section, but  it refers to spreads appearing in either Annex I or Annex II. In the "IPA Compensation" section, how is "a negative IPA elected"? Who is  making an election? Let's discuss tomorrow.   <Sep> Subject :  RMT/EEL confirmation 
Email : I spoke with Robert Nuernberg (inhouse legal) who acknowledged that company  has authority to trade financially. ENA will send ISDA master to company  which will also offer up new resolution or legal opinion. We can do a  one-month deal and book on our short form omnibus. Call if you have any  questions. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Wisconsin Gas Company 
Email : Dee:  Hope you had a good vacation. I sent a copy of the Enron North America Corp. ISDA Schedule/CSA to Rod  Nelson who is the credit person in London reviewing credit for ECL. Rod can  be reached at 011-44-20-7783-5275,  I need to send the Enron Corp. Schedule to you.   <Sep> Subject :  Enron Credit Limited ("ECL") 
Email : Hi, Michael - hope all is well. Just curious if London might be interested in a George Washington University  MBA (International Business) looking for work in London or Europe. She is a  family friend. She is bilingual (Swedish and English) and fluent in French  and German. She also has work experience. I am going to send her resume to  HR in Houston and suggest her for the analyst/associate program. However, I  wasn't certain as to whether the London/European offices worked through a  different processs. Please let me know if you think there may be some  interest.   <Sep> Subject :  employment candidate 
Email : Mara:  Attached are blacklined versions based upon Cargill's comments to both the  Enron Corp. and Cargill, Incorporated which I received from Ed Sacks. Please  note that I added a comma to guarantor's name in the Cargill, Incorporated  guaranty since that is how we executed the Cargill, Incorporated ISDA Master  Agreement. Also, your change to the setoff language is fine. Let's try to agree to everything this week. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  guaranties 
Email : Susan B. should have gotten our draft of the referenced guaranty to you. It  still needs to be reviewed by the physical gas group since we are amending  their guaranty. Do you care about any allocation of payments between HPL and  ENA? At the moment, I do not have any allocation language in the guaranty. SS   <Sep> Subject :  Formosa/Neumin guaranty amendment 
Email : Mark:  When you have a few minutes, I'm glad to discuss continuing "training" and  balancing workloads. Mary has no one to unload Canada and structured transactions (Global Finance)  since Carol does not have time for either. Angela has no time for equity  deals. I think we need a backup for each. Perhaps Anne Koehler fits the  bill. Or Cheryl. Each of Anne and Cheryl need ISDA experience. I don't know Francisco's longer term schedule and maybe you need to speak  with him and/or Mark Haedicke about his contined international workload. This could turn into a "Yao long term project."   <Sep> Subject :  attorney workload 
Email : Holli:  EWEB's Board Resolution of December 5, 2000 permits financial hedging in  general and authorizes:  "The General Manager or other authorized officers as noted in the Power Risk  Management Guidelines to execute confirmations of transactions within the  limits specified in the Power Risk Management Guidelines." Each time ENA trades with EWEB, the trader must verify whether the EWEB  trader is authorized under the then current version of the Power Risk  Management Guidelines. Each date you execute a trade:  (1)  you will need a   list of authorized traders (authorized to enter into derivative transactions)  certified by EWEB's secretary to be correct as of the Trade Date and (2) a  statement certified by EWEB's secretary that the Transaction falls within the  limits specified in the most current version of the Power Risk Management  Guidelines, effective as of the Trade Date. We have only a portion of the Power Risk Management Guidelines and it is  dated April 19, 1999. Our version is incomplete and probably outdated. Maybe EWEB will provide you with the current version. It would be a lot easier if EWEB's resolution simply authorized it to enter  into financial trades documented under the ISDA (which is what most  resolutions permit). However, EWEB did not obtain a broad resolution. To Melissa, Sharen and Kim:  We should also verify that our confirmations  contain these representations. Please talk to me.   <Sep> Subject :  EWEB 
Email : ECT and Sonoco entered into a one- year "plastics" swap which terminated on  March 31, 1999. Doug Friedman (plastics trader) has asked that ECT formally  demand $60,000 from Sonoco for underpayment on the swap. Sonoco has claimed  the existence of a Market Disruption resulting from price reformation in the  plastics publication "Monthly Petrochemical & Pleastics Analysis" which  caused it to use a differenct Floating Price calculation. ECT disagrees as  to the existence of such an event. Doug will contact me this week to review  our approach. Please give me a call. Thanks. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Demand from ECT to Sonoco Products Company ("Sonoco") 
Email : Cheryl:  We'll email the draft ISDA Schedule and CSA to you and Chuck. Please email  me back with address, phone, email, etc. information as to how you would like  the drafts sent. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  ING Barings (U.S.) Capital Markets LLC 
Email : Diane:  Attached are my revisions to the form of confirmation (which are NOT on the  actual confirms you will be using). You will need to incorporate the section  entitled "Additional Provisions" and you will also need to add the Exhibit A  guaranty. Please let me (and Mark Beese) review before this is sent. Please  call if you have questions.l   <Sep> Subject :  NUI Energy Brokers, Inc. 
Email : AFAC and Marcelo:  Thank you for the message. We would suggest Tuesday,  November 30 at Enron's offices. Is 9 am convenient for you? Please advise. Regards. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Financial Trading in Brazil 
Email : Cheryl:  Can you please forward a copy of the ECI resolution(s) (or consent) which was  used to establish the Bear account and Securites Loan Agreement? We need to  determine all products authorized for ECI trading. Also, copies of Enron  Credit Limited authorizations would be useful. Thanks for your help.   <Sep> Subject :  Enron Credit Inc. ("ECI") 
Email : Bob:  (1) got a vm from Carol and she really needs the EES C.A. - I know she left  you a vm  (2)  surprise! I just received an email from Cargill asking about none other  than setoff Part (b)! Let me know what you find out.   <Sep> Subject :  setoff 
Email : Ellen:  I've reviewed WestLB's optional early termination language which is similar  to the other's which I've reviewed (e.g., Goldman, Chase, Merrill, etc.). Here's how it works for your 3/26/01 - 3/26/21 swap:  (1)  March 28, 2011 is the "Break Date" or "Early Termination Date". (2)  Either party can give notice of early termination to the other party on  the day that is 5 NY Business Days prior to the Break Date. By the way, this  is also the day on which the parties must mutually agree on 5 leading dealers  in the relevant market in case the valuation process in (3) below is later  disputed by the other party. (3)  The party giving notice determines (in good faith) the Cash Settlement  Amount as of 11 a.m. NY time on the Break Date (which should be the  mid-market value of the deal on the Break Date. (4)  Payment will occur on the Break Date. (5)  I am adding a provision requiring the exercising party to notify the  other party on the day that is 3 NY Business Days prior to the Break Date. There may be a dispute over the calculation and the parties will need to  resolve. (6)  If the parties cannot agree on the Cash Settlement Amount calculation,  then the party who gave notice seeks mid-market quotes from the 5 leading  dealers (previously agreed to) at 11 a.m. on the day that is 2 NY Business  Days before the Break Date. The confirm describes how the quotes are  averaged. A minimum of 3 quotes is essential. Payment is still made on the  Break Date. George:  (1)  Please verify that the Break Date is 3/28/11. My copy is a little fuzzy  and the date could actually be 3/26/11. (2)  I've marked the confirm and faxed it to you. Please note that:   (a)  the second paragraph purports to incorporate the 1991 ISDA Definitions  but the master overrides this language because it incorporates the 1991  Definitions "as amended, modified, superceded or replaced from time to time"  (i.e., the 2000 ISDA Definitions). There is a problem if  WestLB disagrees  because I've left some language in Paragraph 3 "as is" since it is based upon  the 2000 ISDA Definitions. (b)  no need to say that the Calculation Agent is "as otherwise stated in  the Agreement" because WestLB is stated to be the Calculation Agent in the  Agreement.   <Sep> Subject :  WestLB optional early termination language 
Email : Tanya:  After the last meeting, I promised to ask you about the following:  (1)  Nova Scotia Power Inc. - this shows up as "credit review". Should this  remain on the list and if so, is there anything that legal needs to do? (2)  Occidental Energy Marketing, Inc. - this is the new "Forest Oil" of the  list so I say let's forget it. No, seriously, Carol did revisit the latest  draft and said it was pared down about as far as it could go. Further, she  cannot get anyone at Occidental to return phone calls. Please let me know what you would like to do.   <Sep> Subject :  Legal Credit List 
Email : All:  (1)  Joe and I have reviewed the Termination Agreement for Mercado and it  looks fine. (2)  I suggest that the following language be added to the bottom of a  revised invoice (revised because the comment section which indicates the  NF1164.Y is an annuity completed on 04/11/01 is inaccurate):  Mercado Gas Services, Inc. acknowledges that payment for Deal No. NF1164.Y is  made in partial consideration of that certain Assignment and Assumption  Agreement dated as of April 5, 2001 by and among Mercado Gas Services, Inc.,  Williams Energy Marketing & Trading Company and Enron North America Corp.  MERCADO GAS SERVICES, INC.  By:  _________________________   <Sep> Subject :  Mercado Gas Services, Inc. 
Email : Gail:  Attached is a form of ECI unanimous consent. Will you accept fhis for the  purpose of signing a repo agreement and transacting thereunder? Please let  me know. Also, you can email repo documents to me. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Enron Credit Inc. ("ECI") consent 
Email : Gail:  The commercial team is pressuring for a fairly quick implementation of a repo  agreement. If the consent which I sent yesterday is not satisfactory, please  advise as soon as possible so that I can obtain a repo specific consent. Also, could you please submit repo documents to me for review. I do not know who may have contacted you from the London group (Enron Credit  Ltd.) but we can surely coordinate. That entity should have its own form of  unanimous consent or resolution. Thanks for your help.   <Sep> Subject :  Enron Credit Inc. ("ECI") consent 
Email : Jim and Rex:  The Lehman Bros. form of "put" works fine from a legal perspective. Yesterday, I faxed to you one of the "puts" with underlined language  reflecting differences in securities language from our prior swap/forward  deals with Lehman. The differences may be alright for purposes of the "puts". Please let Jeff know if the "puts" are acceptable for execution (from the  securities perspective). I have already initialed the documents from the  swap perspective. Let me know if you have any questions. As usual, thanks for your help.   <Sep> Subject :  Lehman Bros. "puts" 
Email : Janelle:  I'm not sure if this is what you want but take a look. I opted to not use  "call", "strike", etc. language but feel free to edit. I am in a meeting  until 3:30 but you can reach me through my assistant Kaye Ellis (X35968).   <Sep> Subject :  50% participating swap 
Email : Tanya:  Bob Crane did a deal with the Canadian party identified below. Sounds like  he originally told our FX trader that the parties would be EGM (actually ENA)  and Enron Industrial Markets ("EIM"). In the end, EIM was not the correct  party but the Canadian party was the correct party. Is this trade between ENA and Compagnie de Papiers Stadacona authorized by  credit? Is the company eligible? Please let me know what you think. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  FX trade Counterparty 
Email : Lauren Hagerty is in Houston today and will provide us with the necessary  documentation for opening of the account. We will advise when the  information is received. Thanks. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Enron India GDR Holding Ltd. 
Email : All:  I received a draft master agreement from MSCS for proposed execution with  Enron North America Corp.  Are any of you trying to push execution of this  agreement? Have either of Enron Credit, Inc. or Enron Credit Limited been  speaking with MSCS about this? Please advise. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  ISDA Master Agreement with Morgan Stanley Capital Services Inc.  ("MSCS") 
Email : Tanya:  For purposes of "Transfer", shall we permit both parties to transfer to  Affiliates? Would FUNB require a guaranty? Or do we feel strongly that  neither party should have the ability to transfer except with the written  consent of the other party?   <Sep> Subject :  First Union National Bank ("FUNB")/Enron Corp. ISDA Master  Agreement 
Email : Stephanie:  The attached message is only for the email address. Please send the Annex  B/B-1 blackline for ConEd to Michael Forte (email below) and Janelle Scheuer. I'm looking at the amendment now. Thanks so much.   <Sep> Subject :  Revised form of guaranty 
Email : Carol:  Regarding a "hedge fund meeting" next week, I have spoken with most of the  likely participants and everyone is eager to meet next week. I'll fill you  in on details in person. I think the following people should attend:  Fred Lagrasta Caroline Abramo Robyn Zivic Russell Dyk you  Brent me  I believe that we have a mushrooming "process" issue. I also believe that  the credit group is part of the problem (we should have a separate discussion  with Paul to discuss potential hedge fund credit issues - maybe there are  none and maybe our legal choices are unimportant to credit). My observations  are that all hedge funds need not be "last minute" deals, Caroline can be our  ally and needs to learn our documents and credit needs to advise legal  sooner. I have asked Caroline to prepare a list of all funds she is  currently working with, has already discussed with Paul or is considering. Afternoon is best. Shall I schedule or have you already begun?   <Sep> Subject :  hedge fund "meeting" 
Email : Matthew:  In conjunction with our negotiation of an ISDA, I thought I'd mention that we  may also need a repo agreement for non-U.S. bonds. I don't know which Morgan  entity would be the appropriate party. Would you please advise and forward  documentation. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  repo agreement 
Email : GS&Co and GSI have different repo agreements and these are generated from  different offices. I have been placed in touch with the London lawyer who  handles GSI. Tom:  I have asked again about the form of ECI consent.   <Sep> Subject :  Repos 
Email : ENA sent a Notice of Termination letter to Southern on November 1, 1999 and  set that date as the Early Termination Date. There is only one existing  Transaction:  a second quarter 2000 collar. We have obtained a third party  quotation for the value of the call (at $.928) which when multiplied by the  total notional and days, is equivalent to $25,334.40. Please let me know if  you have any comments to the letter. Lisa:  Is there a protocol for a non-lawyer to sign the calculation notice  letter? Should it come from settlements which would be tracking any payments  (if ever received in whole or part)? Thanks. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Southern Mineral Corporation ("Southern") 
Email : Anna:  I would like to fax the resume of Kristina Fisher to you (I do not have a  word version to email). She is the candidate about whom we spoke recently. I have also asked Kristina to visit the website "www.enroncareers.com" and  apply through that process. I assume that you are the person who receives  inquiries on the website. Please advise me of your fax number and I can send the resume directly to you. Thanks so much for your interest.   <Sep> Subject :  Employment Candidate 
Email : Hi, Kristina:  It was great speaking with you last night! Hope your dad is home and doing  well. I have contacted two different offices within Enron. The first is Human  Resources in Houston. I suggested to them that you might be a good candidate  for the associate/analyst program but they may think of other positions as  well. I don't know how quickly that office might respond so let me know. The second "office" is directly to London. There is a woman in London named  Anna Jansson who is currently leading efforts for the associate/analyst  program in the Eastern Hemisphere. I have spoken with Anna and she has asked  that you visit the website "www.enroncareers.com" and apply through the  site. She already knows your name and I am trying to fax your resume  (business resume) to her as well. When you visit the site, you may decide to  use a different resume; just let me know. Just in case you would like to  call directly, Anna's number in London (dialed from the U.S.) is  011-44-20-7783-5912. The company directory shows her email address as  "anna_jansson@enron.net" (which looks a little weird to me). Please keep in touch and let me know if you receive responses (or don't hear  back) so that I can follow up internally. By the way, you have an impressive  resume. Please feel free to call me at anytime. I hope we get to meet soon.   <Sep> Subject :  job referral 
Email : Fred:  I am continuing to update your list based upon legal/credit meetings  and requests for master agreements. If you have priorities, please let me or  Susan Flynn know. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  updated Counterparty list 
Email : Just spoke with Mark Russell. SRP will be in Houston next week on Wednesday  and Thursday and would like to meet to discuss the ISDA with legal and  credit. I told Mark that I was available Wed. and Thurs. morning. Are you  guys available at the same time? Jay - please call me with your bond rating info so that I can email a draft  agreement to SRP.   <Sep> Subject :  Salt River Project ("SRP") 
Email : Caroline:  I am in the midst of preparing these annexes now. You should take special note of the credit that Paul is insisting upon (seems  to be similar to AIG). This is all credit - but note his Additional  Termination Event if the ISDA is not executed within 60 days. You must  discuss all of the items with your counterparty. Also, if you do the deal(s), give me the name, phone/fax numbers, email  addresses of all commercial and legal for your counterparties.   <Sep> Subject :  Valentis/CD Holding 
Email : Paul:  Further to my earlier email:  Do you want to request the language which we have devised for (1) hedge fund  monthly account statements and (2)  quarterly/annual engineering reserve  reports? Please call to discuss. Caroline says she may be transacting today.   <Sep> Subject :  Valentis 
Email : Aneela:  I received the referenced agreement in inter-office mail. According to  Cheryl's latest report,  identical agreements were executed by both ENA and  ECT Investments, Inc. on or about 4/12/01. What is it that you are asking us to do with the draft from "Jamie"?   <Sep> Subject :  Deutsche Banc Alex Brown - Agreement for Prime Brokerage Clearance  Services 
Email : Martin sent this message to London and Michael advised that Sullivan &  Cromwell be retained. With respect to interest by the CFTC in  the proposed  transaction, would you agree that the same law firm advise on that issue as  well? Makes sense to me. Also, what is Energydesk.com LImited? Sara   <Sep> Subject :  JAPRO Gruppen Aktiebolag 
Email : Melissa:  We agreed to the form of confirm with ConEd last night. Michael Forte was to  send the redraft to Michael Brown. I haven't seen it yet. Sounds like there  will be a plain vanilla swap also, which should look like (format) the one we  did in January.   <Sep> Subject :  Con Ed 
Email : I would like to schedule the last  week of 1999,  Dec. 27 - Dec. 30, as  vacation. No one else has selected those dates. Please let me know if this  is a problem. Thanks. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Vacation Time 
Email : Per my voice mail. We should put a draft together today for Chris to  review. He will start giving Merchant Energy pricing today but will not  transact until the end of the week.   <Sep> Subject :  Confimation Template 
Email : Melissa:  I just got this but have not reviewed. Last night we only discussed the  collar. You could look at their regular swap and compare it to the January  swap (for form). I have meetings this afternnoon but will get back to you as  soon as I can. Thanks for the spark spread draft which I will also review.   <Sep> Subject :  Confirms with Enron 
Email : Yair:  Tracy and I would like to discuss the "Transfer" issue with you tomorrow, if  possible. We think this should be a short discussion (maybe 10 minutes). How is 1 pm NY time, tomorrow Wednesday April 25? This seems to be the most  convenient for both of us, but we will entertain times before 3 pm NY time. Would you please email your response? Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  "Transfer" provision 
Email : Susan:  We need to prepare materials this afternoon on these two hedge  funds. The credit is different but the FORMS will be identical. Please let  me know who will handle and I can discuss with that person nowl  Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Valentis/CD Holding:  TWO HEDGE FUNDS 
Email : Thanks for your help. I also left a message for Jeff because I was told that  he worked on the transaction. The name "Compagnie de Papiers Stadacona" ("Stadacona") does not appear on  the corporate database so I cannot verify that it is an Enron-owned entity. The only question is:  Can we book the FX trade in the names of Stadacona and  RMT?   <Sep> Subject :  Stadacona 
Email : Susan:  Laurel Adams has an FX deal where RMT must be a party. The counterparty is a  100% owned Enron sub named "Compagnie de Papiers Stadacona". When I last  checked, nothing shows up in the corporate database. However, I have  verified the name, ownership, etc. with Jeff Blumenthal. I will separately  email you the counterparty info that I have. We need a deemed ISDA for the parties. We should later do the ISDA when the  information is available on the database (which could be any day, I  suppose). I would just use our standard RMT format. Please assign. Feel free to call me or Laurel with questions. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Deemed ISDA 
Email : Mary/Cheryl:  Carol has seven (7) master swap agreements to be reassigned. Cheryl and I  will work on these together. All appear on the legal/credit list. (1)  Cross Timbers Oil Company (2)  Camden Property Trust (3)  Clorox Company (The) (4)  Montana Power Comopany (The) (5)  Ocean Energy, Inc. (6)  Quebecor World USA, Inc. (7)  Russel Metals Inc.  Mary:  Would you please reassign paralegals to Cross Timbers and Quebecor? These were handled by Samantha. Maybe Marie could assist; these don't appear  to be urgent. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Reassignment of ISDA Master Agreements 
Email : Caroline:  You should have already seen the two ISDA's (Valentis, CD Holdings) emailed  yesterday evening per your instructions. I am still waiting for you to send   information regarding inhouse/outside legal counsel for both parties. The Schedule and Paragraph 13 sent to Valentis et al is very much like the  hedge fund template which legal is refining. We are reviewing the first  draft and commenting. FYI - I will not be in the office on Friday, April 27. Also, the Enron legal  conference is next week and the lawyers will be in San Antonio from May 2  (afternoon) through May 4. And finally, I will be on vacation during the  week of May 7 - May 11. Please try to make plans (conference calls,  counterparty comments, etc.) accordingly. Let me know if you have any questions. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  hedge funds 
Email : Mark:  Can you "publish" a list of swap attorneys and their primary/secondary areas  of responsibility (for at least the lawyers to use)? I'd like to direct  random requests to the appropriate people. For example, is Brent the only "weather attorney"?   <Sep> Subject :  attorney workload 
Email : Melissa:  I started with Sempra. It's one of the more unusual masters ( a "Master  Master"  covering both physical and financial) and it's not the typical "ECT  Master". Further, it contains no rounding or correction to published prices  provisions. We'll have to review these masters on a case by case basis.   <Sep> Subject :  Sempra Energy Trading 
Email : Edmund:  Would you believe that we do not have a repo template? The repo requests are  more infrequent than not. All are negotiated. Hope this helps. Regards.   <Sep> Subject :  repo agreements 
Email : Marcelo:  When we last spoke on April 3, you told me that the blacklined agreement  would be sent in the next few days. Can you please provide me with an  update? I would like to finalize/execute before May 2 when I will be on  vacation. Please advise. Thank you.   <Sep> Subject :  repo agreement 
Email : Carol:  Have you had a chance to recap our "offsite" discussion? Also, what can you tell me about Montana Power Company (1st draft ISDA)? Stop by in the a.m regarding exercise of your swaption. What does your  confirm say about the form of notice of exercise and the exercise date (or  period)?   <Sep> Subject :  offsite, etc. 
Email : I have two tickets (and parking!) for the Friday night (May 4) performance of  "Dinner with Friends" which I cannot use. FREE! Please let me know if you  are interested.   <Sep> Subject :  Alley Theater tickets 
Email : I hope you can help Carol out before our phone call in the morning. I have  tried Patricia Aufranc twice but there is no answer. If you could reach her  early in the morning to resolve, I would be most appreciative. You can  discuss with me in the morning. Thanks. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Friday phone call AND MEMO FROM CAROL ST. CLAIR 
Email : Mary:  Remember, this is the swap that you finally decided to go ahead and terminate  yourself. There was much confusion about how many S.A. swaps actually  exsited (only one) and after sorting through the mess, when I asked if you  had estabished a Raptor "format for termination", you decided to do the  drafting. Let me know if there is a problem.   <Sep> Subject :  Raptor and the South American Swap 
Email : Tracy:  Did you and Yair finalize the "transfer" language? It seems that too many  confirm questions are popping up and different forms are being drafted. We  ;should be done with the ISDA.   <Sep> Subject :  Allegheny Energy Supply 
Email : Jay:  We sent this master for execution on May 1, 2001 and the counterparty just  responded to John with some comments. Only one comment is credit related:   LPC does not want to pay default interest as per the ISDA agreement. LPC  does not want interest compounded daily. What is your position? I have made all other changes or given LPC an explanation.   <Sep> Subject :  Louisiana-Pacific Corporation ("LPC") 
Email : Rodolfo and Jeff:  Would you please e-mail the name, address, fax and phone  of the person or persons to whom this Deemed ISDA should be directed. We'll  be ready to send this out shortly. Thanks. Sara  P.S. I have a conference call for the next hour. If you have any  questions,  please call Marie Heard at EXT. 33907 or call me after 11 am  Houston time.   <Sep> Subject :  EDEN Deemed ISDA 
Email : Janine:  First Union National Bank ("FUNB") entered into a credit derivative trade  with ENA effective 20 April 2001 (our trader was a London trader). Although  ENA has a Master ISDA Agreement  with FUNB (the "ISDA"), this does not appear  to be the impetus for the booking since the confirm didn't reference the ISDA. Is ENA alright confirming trades in this manner?   <Sep> Subject :  ENA credit derivative transaction 
Email : Susan:  John Malowney would like a copy of this ISDA Master Agreement. Do we usually  let the traders have copies (hard or electronic)? If so, we need to make it  very clear that this is confidential. Let me know what you think. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Louisiana-Pacific Corporation 
Email : Karolina and Rod:  This swap has ended up on my desk! Imagine that. This transaction ought to be booked between RMT and ETOL. The existing ISDA  Master Agreement from December 31, 1998 is between Enron Capital & Trade  Resources Corp. and ETOL. We need to create an RMT/ETOL ISDA Master  Agreement for this 3-year rate swap. Is ETOL prohibited from entering into swaps with other parties, such as RMT  (under the terms of the lending documents)? Please bring me up to date. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Enron Teeside Operating Limited  ("ETOL") 3-year rate swap with  Enron North America Corp. 
Email : Susan:  Rod or Karolina will prepare a credit worksheet for an ISDA Master Agreement  between ETOL and RMT. Jorge has a 3-year rate swap awaiting documentation. Rod/Karolina:  Is there any reason to not use RMT? Is an ETOL sell-off  imminent? If so, would it be in the near term? Rhett:  If an ETOL sell-off (in whole or part) is imminent, should the deal  be booked in ENA rather than RMT? Jorge:  The transaction confirm should be an ISDA format. Also, please  verify whether any ETOL deals are on ENA/RMT books and the remaining terms  Thanks..   <Sep> Subject :  Enron Teeside Operating Limited ("ETOL") 
Email : Bill and Tanya:  I am resending this memo to you in light of what I understand is a 3-year  deal that Craig Breslau has done with MARTA (Metropolitan Area Rapid Transit  Authority). I need to advise Mark Haedicke of the details as soon as  possible since MARTA is a public entity and we do not have an executed Master  Agreement with MARTA. We sent a draft document to MARTA on May 11, 2001. Until we resolve the "capacity" or "authority" issue, there is significant  legal risk attached to transactions with governmental entities. I left a message for Jay Williams to please advise me of trade details.   <Sep> Subject :  Municipalities Memo 
Email : Frank:  Did I hear you mention that you were going to work on the "EOL no written  confirmation" letter? Or is Mark? Please let me know. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  AEP Master Amendments 
Email : Nikki:  I am a lawyer with ENA. I understand that you have been involved with the  execution of the Goldman Sachs & Co. ("GSC")/ECI Corporate Account Agreement,  working with both Cheryl Nelson and Stephanie Panus of ENA. ENA would like to transfer several accounts to ECI. In connection therewith,  I am attaching a form of Assignment and Assumption Agreement for that  purpose. This document is based upon a similar agreement executed by GSC,  ENA and ECT Investments, Inc. on January 22, 2001. I ask that you please advise me of the following:  (1)  What is the effective date of the Corporate Account Agreement between  ECI and GSC? Has it been executed by GSC? (2)  Is the attached form of assignment acceptable? (3)  Is there anybody else with GSC that needs to be involved with the  review/execution of the attached assignment? Please let me hear from you. Our commercial group is extremely anxious to  effectuate the transfer. Thank you for your assistance.   <Sep> Subject :  Transfer and Assignment of Enron North America Corp. ("ENA")  accounts to Enron Credit Inc. ("ECI") 
Email : Paul:  I need to speak with you about the foregoing. (1)  Re:  the Chase Global Custody Agreemnet  Are you OK with Chase's ability to setoff amounts in any ENA Chase accounts  against amount which ENA may owe under the Global Custody Agreement? Does  ENA have many accounts with Chase? (2)  Re:  Enron Credit Inc. repo agreement with Goldman Sachs & Co. ("GSC")  By way of background, ECT executed a repo with GSC on 4/25/97. FYI, Enron Corp. issued a guaranty in the amount of $10 million. Do you have any concerns with respect to a repo agreement between GSC and  Enron Credit Inc.? If possible, could we speak today? Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Global Custody Agreement (ENA) 
Email : FYI - John's only issue was "inhouse" vs "outside" counsel legal opinion. And he apologized profusely. No harm done. Sounds like you did a good job. Have a great weekend. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  What a day! 
Email : Nancy:  I left a voice mail for you earlier. We are extremely anxious to finalize  the agreement and are awaiting the blackline. Please call as soon as  possible and advise. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Global Custody Agreement 
Email : Tanya:  Our FX desk has requested an ISDA Master Agreement for ENA's FX trades with:   Credit Suisse First Boston, London Branch. The entity with which ENA already has an executed master (effective 4/21/93)  is Credit Suisse First Boston International, which trades derivatives. I will have the name of the CSFB lawyer this afternoon. Can you please prepare a credit worksheet? Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  ISDA request for FX desk 
Email : David:  Please send an email request to Cassandra Schultz and Veronica Valdez  requesting that the following Enron Credit Inc. traders be added to the ENA  Authorized Trader List (for the purpose of using ENA executed ISDA Master  Agreements in the credit trading area, such as Swiss Re and First Union  National Bank):  Jeff Kinneman Nicholas Stephan Paul Pizzolato  Please copy me and Marie Heard. Call if you have any questions. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Adding authorized traders to the ENA Authorized Trader List 
Email : Terry and Dee:  I am resending the draft ISDA which was sent to Terry and Vijay on April 25,  2001. Please let me know if you have any questions. Regards.   <Sep> Subject :  ISDA w/Enron Corp. 
Email : Pamela:  Please call or email regarding the account assignment. If you are not the  right person, please forward the request and advise. We are anxious to have  this executed. Thank you for your assistance.   <Sep> Subject :  Transfer and Assignment of Enron North America Corp. ("ENA")  accounts to Enron Credit Inc. ("ECI") 
Email : We are sending this out in draft form until Scott Neal (our "Argentina"  trader) has confirmed the terms of the deal with EDEN. The trade date will  probably be set towards  the end of next week. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Empresas Draft 
Email : I have an early morning appointment on Tuesday and will be unable to join the  phone conference. I don't have anything new to report. I have rescheduled  the meeting with Tozzini in ESA's offices for Tuesday, Nov. 30 at 2 pm in  order to conference in the Houston attendees. We will not require video  conferencing (but thanks for the offer). Also, Lynn A. will have a final  assessment of tax issues relating to an Argentine trading office location and  we will try to meet with D. Black and/ or Michael G.   Lynn will provide with  his analysis beforehand. Let me know if you have any questions. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  ESA Legal Management Committee Meeting 
Email : Mary & Teresa:  Here's the latest draft awaiting comment from George Gilbert, Tim Proffitt,  Tanya and Chris Sherman. Let me know if you have any comments. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  KCS - VC0917 & VC09 
Email : Lisa:  FYI, there has been activity regarding the KCS file, in particular, the  status of the amendment to permit cross-netting of certain agreements and the  impact of that amendment now that KCS has emerged from bankruptcy. Two (2)  new financial transactions have been executed and there is a VPP looming  ahead for June 15. The issue which we were trying to isolate is the effect  of the amendment to the financial/physical agreements post-bankruptcy. We  concluded that KCS is bound post-bankruptcy (Carol St. Clair thought you may  have had some reservations). I'll keep you apprised of any developments.   <Sep> Subject :  KCS Energy Marketing Inc. ("KCS") 
Email : Marie:  Shemeika Landry (X52552) and Shelli Smith (X37562) are working with Donna  Landry and have asked to see the "opening brokerage account" procedures which  you documented. Please send them copies. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  procedure for opening brokerage account 
Email : Marshall:  Attached are the drafts of the two KCS confirms. I need to speak  with you about the mechanics of the termination. Please call me. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  KCS - VC0917 & VC09 
Email : Derek:  I'm on the phone. Is this agreement for Enron Credit Inc. or Enron Credit  Limited? I only represent the former. Dennis represents the latter.   <Sep> Subject :  Goldman Sach $ repo docs 
Email : Diane:  attached is the redline redraft for the KCS trades. Please send to  the usual suspects. These changes should apply to both confirms. Please  make sure that Derek and Marshall receive as they are the ones who need to  say OK.   <Sep> Subject :  KCS 
Email : Libby Rutherford would appreciate a short explanation from you regarding the  cross default threshold. She was interested in knowing which financials we  were reviewing together with the explanation. Our latest draft provides all  parties with $100 million. Libby's e-mail address is:     rutherford@pg.com   <Sep> Subject :  Procter & Gamble 
Email : Sheila:  Here's the status  (1)  Goldman Sachs - I received comments on May 22, 2001. Ball is in my  court. (2)  MSDW - I faxed comments to Joseph A. Marovich on May 2, 2001. Fax No. was 212/762-9502. No response. (3)  Salomon Smith Barney - I faxed comments to Tania Meyer Wilson on May 2,  2001. Fax No. was 312/648-3328. No response. Please let me know about (2) and (3). Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  futures documentation 
Email : Tanya:  Please see page 7 of the attachment (Par. 5, part C) regarding  setoff. ENA was about to have this agreement executed just as I received  your email. I'll call you after 5 pm. We need to discuss today. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Enron Global Custody and Clearance Agreement 
Email : Sheila:  ENA is ready to sign (Ihope) in the a.m. I just wanted to verify  that you had sent an email to Cassandra (or Rick Buy) so that she is prepared  to countersign. Also, your status report reflects that you also need a custody agreement for  ECT Investments. Why? Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Global Custody Agreement with JPMorganChase 
Email : Mary:  Attached is the latest draft from Chase. In particular, please take a look at the following paragraphs:  2.A (the definition of "Securities") 5.B (lien on securities) 5.C (setoff)  The ENA contact is Gennaro Contella. Please leave me or Sheila a voice mail  and we can arrange a conference call on Monday with Gennaro, Nancy Callahan,  if necessary (Chase legal) and anyone that you need to conference in on  behalf of Enron Corp. The traders are anxious to have this account in place. Irrespective of which Enron entity takes ownership of this agreement, we were  looking to you for information regarding existing Chase accounts (in ENA's  name). Thanks for your help.   <Sep> Subject :  Enron North America Corp. ("ENA") Global Custody and Clearance  Agreement 
Email : Hi, Christian:  Stuart has already called this week inquiring about his ability to continue  negotiating with the PUDs. Have you had a chance to speak with Pat  Boylston? Let me know if I can assist. Thanks (as usual) for all of your  help.   <Sep> Subject :  capacity of Washington PUD's 
Email : Hey Sam, that has to be one of the "cheeriest" cards I've ever received. Please thank Leica for her birthday wishes (and how is the old girl doing?). Do you remember my 39th at Andrea's with Pat and Dee (I think) and Ron and  his wife (I've forgotten her name but I remember what she looks like)? I  remember your 40th with Beverly and Helen and the walker (you probably  remember the stripper). I need your MAILING address so that Phoebe, Chloe  and I can send you a holiday card. Are you a bi-city resident? Do you still  own Corky's? Do you have a different venture(s)? How is Mr. Casey? How are  Helen and Beverly? Do you see them often? Do you love Atlanta? You know  that at my age (it's actually been any my ages) I write in stream of  consciousness. I hope this makes sense. Sara  P.S. Ain't life grand?   <Sep> Subject :  You'd better not squeal! 
Email : Mark:  Attached is my current workload report. I'm beginning to get nervous about  meeting traders' expectations as I am taking vacation from June 14 - 22  (seven business days) and I don't know who will be able to pick up my  emergencies and routine issues. I have some idea about Mary's and Frank's workload and I have the impression  that Brent is constantly busy with weather. I'd like to briefly discuss  Cheryl's workload  I think it would be a good idea to have everyone submit a  status report of sorts to you so that you can assess how much is "project"  oriented vs. routine, specific commodity areas, and volume. FYI, I am trying to limit Cheryl's activity with Gary's group to brokerage  agreements only. The huge volume of activity on the brokerage end was  apparently the result of a recent audit by AA and effort to "cleanup" the  agreement status. It should be winding down. I have encouraged Cheryl (as  have Frank and Mary) to provide you  with a workload report since we really  want her to be trained in the swap basics. Also, I will try to schedule a conference call with David Mitchell, you and  me before I leave (topic is online trading of credit derivatives). Currently, only ECL is offering the bankruptcy default swap online (and no  one is hitting the product).   <Sep> Subject :  attorney workload 
Email : Mark/Rod:  I'll draft the annex without offering up the ENE guaranty (although you may  have to speak with them since ENA offered up a guaranty for its repo). Please let me know how you want to handle defaults. Can we resolve tomorrow (Wenesday)? Am I being too pushy? Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  GS&C repo agreement with Enron Credit Inc. 
Email : I am still waiting for my Brazilian visa (another single entry,  unfortunately). It should arrive next week. I was hoping to spend the week  of Sept. 5-11 in Sao Paolo but that is impossible to plan without the visa. Maybe the latter part of that week or the next week will work. If I arrive on a Sat. or Sun., what do you think about the two of us meeting  over the weekend to work out a plan? I can then devote all of my time to  dealing with Tozzini on the physical and financial issues and working with  originators to explain financial trading procedures. I will need to  determine if Jose Emilio (on the physical issues) and Antonio Felix and  Renato (on the financial issues) will be available to meet during my trip. I  have sent them e-mails to at least pose the question. I know that you are very busy. Please let me know what you think about my  proposal. Also, I apologize for asking you to give up any of your weekend  time. Maybe you have another suggestion that will work better for you. I look forward to hearing from you. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  trip to Sao Paulo 
Email : Mark:  In connection with Susan F.'s departure, could you please provide a  copy of her "project list" so that we can follow up on  finalizing/redistributing her workload? I have lots of questions which I'm  sure can't be answered this minute, such as:  Shouldn't we help to prioritize  her work? Will she continue day-to-day work? Who will take confirm desk  calls?, How will this impact Samantha's training (maybe the lawyers should be  involved now), etc. Please let us know when you'd like to "regroup". Thanks. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  update 
Email : Just a follow-up to our conversation of last week to see how you were coming  along. When would you like to schedule some time to discuss the ISDA? Please let me know if you have any questions and/or whether I can assist you  in any way. I understand that our respective traders are discussing a  transaction. You may contact me at 713/853-5620 or e-mail. Thanks. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Negotiation of ISDA Master Agreement 
Email : I will be on vacation from October 6- 13. Also, the ENA lawyers will be  offsite October 5 and 6. Should you need assistance during my absence, please contact my assistant  Kaye Ellis at Ext. 35968 who will direct you to a lawyer. Thanks. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  vacation 
Email : All:  I will be on vacation until October 16, 2000. Because I am handling a  large number of brokerage agreements and electronic trading platforms (for  ENA and ECT Investments, Inc.), I have asked Jason Peters with Andrews and  Kurth (713-220-4124) to assist me. Some of the agreements are for John  Greene who is currently in London and those agreements may reference English  law and the Financial Services Acts. I have given Jason your names IN CASE  he has any questions. Thanks for your help. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Vacation 
Email : I spoke with Marsha Greenblatt (Sempra's trading lawyer). She was unaware of  any issues with Sempra's dealing with ECTRIC but recognized that (i) this is  a credit decision and (ii) trading with ECTRIC has occurred. Sempra does  have a London trading operation so maybe the London traders for both of our  respective companies have been transacting. Of course, all confirms she  reviewed were with ECT/Sempra (except for one or two ECTRIC confirms). Based upon our recent ECT/ECTRIC internal conversation, I don't anticipate  further confusion. Thanks for everyone's attention to this matter. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Sempra Energy Trading Corp. 
Email : Thanks for remembering me (even though I FORGOT to send you birthday wishes  last month). It doesn't seem like a year, does it? Hope you're doing great  and your family is well. How's the HOUSE OF THE CENTURY coming along? I  recall looking at the plans just "yesterday". Stay well (and young). Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Happy B'day 
Email : Attached is the latest "redraft" of guidelines based upon my conversation  with Brent (who has not yet seen the attachment). Let's discuss these  tomorrow. I'll conference you at 9 am. Thanks. Sara  Lynn:  I'll forward separately Brent's proposed paragraph for the Houston  trader.   <Sep> Subject :  Financial Trading Guidelines: ARGENTINA 
Email : Hi Christian! I wanted to ask you a few questions about the occurrence of  negative pricing on the west desk. I'm getting a differenct response on the  east desk. Although my interest is financial trading, you may have  experieced this issue on the physical side (Jeff Hodge has not). In the past  on the west desk financial trading, any prices which are negative are deemed  to be "0" (so an average of hourly prices could include some zeroes). The  east desk wants to add in the negative numbers. Please call me to discuss. I'd really appreciate it. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  off-peak prices, negative numbers 
Email : Marie:  Wisconsin's lawyer is out of the office until Nov. 29. Would you  please follow up with respect to the ISDA which we sent to him on Nov. 5? I  left your name and phone number on his voice mail. Cary is interested in  pursuing this counterparty. Thanks. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Wisconsin Gas Company 
Email : FYI - I called in for the meeting this morning but no one else ever  connected. Sorry. I have nothing new to report. I'll be in S.P. next week  for a few days. I'll try to get on your calendar. Thanks. Sara  P. S.  Happy Thanksgiving!   <Sep> Subject :  ESA Legal Management Committee 
Email : The Tozzini lawyers will meet with us to discuss prior memoranda and products  for trading. For those in Houston who wish to be conferenced in, please  contact my assistant Kaye Ellis in Houston (X35968) who will make  arrangements. Thanks. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  conference call, Tuesday, November 30, 2:00 pm (Brazil time) 
Email : El Paso is a "high volume" CP with an existing ECT Master. Marie, there is a  9/1/99 note in Lotus Notes that the CP to email its form of Schedule. What  have we received? Shouldn't we be pushing this ISDA? Can someone prepare  credit?   <Sep> Subject :  El Paso Energy Marketing 
Email : This is a "high volume" counterparty. Shouldn't we be pursuing an ISDA to  replace the existing ECT Master? Susan, your last entry was 3/9/99. SS   <Sep> Subject :  Reliant Energy Services, Inc. 
Email : Jeff:  I thought we should update the situation particularly in light of the  problems that Willie runs up against. Can you give me a call and let's  discuss. Thanks. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Counterparties with high volume trades and no master agreement/ECT  master agreement 
Email : The east and west power desks are creating slightly different floating price  language for some of the power pools. The west desk wants "negative prices"  to be averaged in as "zeroes"; the east desk wants to average in all prices  "positive or negative". I'm inclined to let the traders do as they wish. I  can't seem to get an explanation for the difference in approach (in each  instance ENA may take either side of the deal). The confirm desk will have  to pay attention to the source of the confirms to use the correct pricing  language. I don't know if this will create an on-line trading issue. What do you think? Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Financial Power - "Negative Pricing" 
Email : Per my voice mail. Also, for YOUR use, I am attaching a "form" of gas  tolling agreement. Brent also has a "confirmation" related to a master. Let  me know if you've already handled. Thanks. SS   <Sep> Subject :  Tolling Agreements: For Brazil 
Email : Per David's request, I'm attaching a (very old) form from Houston, not often  used here anymore. I'm not sending this directly to David (if only to avoid  "form shopping"). Let me know if I can be of further assistance. Thanks. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Tolling Agreements: For Brazil 
Email : It seems that Miriam Radach has been transferred to Sherman & Sterling's  Washington D.C. office. She is working with a NY associate named Jennifer  Kumble. The lawyers had a lot of issues to discuss with Tiger and should  give us comments next week. Have a nice holiday! I'm going to Baton Rouge  to watch the tigers (LSU!) play ball. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Tiger et al 
Email : Mark and I met with Mark Haedicke regarding utilities and the need for a  legal opinion from the utility counterparty. We have agreed with Mark as  follows:  1. Our negotiations with investor owned utilities should be based upon our  standard ISDA Schedule (ISDA Multicurrency Agreement) AND including the  "Additional Termination Event". Neither party should be required to provide  a legal opinion. 2. Investor owned utilites will be approved for online trading from a legal  viewpoint. The extra "Additional Termination Event" paragraph is not  currently included in the GTC's but COULD be incorporated if there is a  revision to the online agreement. 3. Our position with respect to municipals/municipal owned utilities,  federal/state/local owned utilities and cooperatives remains unchanged. We  should still utilize and update the "municipal ISDA" form, and, require a  legal opinion from the counterparty. In that regard, Susan Flynn has been  working on an "omnibus" format for an electric co-op (Deseret Generation and  Transmission Co-operative), an earlier version of which could be used as a  template for a municipal omnibus confirmation.   <Sep> Subject :  Utilities (investor owned) 
Email : I spoke with John Nassos. He said that the company just hired a  treasury/credit person last week (and that was the holdup on negotiating the  ISDA). Mr. Nassos has my phone number and all I can do is wait to hear from  him or his outside counsel. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Peoples Energy Corporation 
Email : Let's catch up when you're ready. 1. Received NEW draft from Pacific Gas & Electric. Need to do ISDA  comparison. 2. Susan is out JUNE 1 and "Columbus Dispatch" needs to be finalized. We  sent blackline Friday afternoon. Details will happen Tuesday morning. 3. Let's talk.   <Sep> Subject :  WELCOME BACK 
Email : I wanted to sent you a holiday card but, alas, the mysterious Sam has no  address. I guess I could send it to your lessee in the Big Easy (remember,  the doctor living in the marina) but he may not appreciate the beauty of the  card. Please email your address. Hope you had a "Happy Chanukah". I was in  BR to celebrate with my family - Jennifer is 15 and Zachary will be 13 on  January 1. My parents are slowing down but Deb and Steve are not. Deb  ordered some brisket and latkes from the 2nd Ave. deli in NY and the food was  awful. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  You never sent me your address, Sam 
Email : Attached is a draft of a swaption based upon the term sheet reviewed the  other day. Elizabeth has not reviewed yet and I still have some lingering  questions. ss   <Sep> Subject :  Financial Swap 
Email : This is scheduled to close on Friday (don't know what time). It's Gareth's  deal. Enron Corp. is swap CP with a trust. Don't know who is signing for  Enron Corp. Please C me to discuss and raise logistical issues. Thanx. SS   <Sep> Subject :  Project Ghost 
Email : I think that this transaction is called "Project Moosehead". I have a  meeting on it this morning. Please comment to the draft I sent to you  yesterday. I don't know if the structure works. I couldn't decide upon the  format; it also looks like a cap. Thanks. SS   <Sep> Subject :  "Financial Power Purchase Term Sheet" - 12/13/99 
Email : Lynn:  Weren't you going to take a look at the Trader Guidelines for  Argentina? Let me know if you have any questions or if I can help you  further. Thanks. SS   <Sep> Subject :  Argentina Trader Guidelines 
Email : I had a VERY long call with the two lawyers. I would say for the most part  that Tiger will reconsider many of our provisions now that the lawyers  understand our position. Big issues:  arbitration (I need an explanation in  order to go to our general counsel)                                           Limitiation of Liability  All else is negotiable. SS   <Sep> Subject :  Tiger funds 
Email : With respect to Part 2, Tax Reps and Part 5(l) deletion, the Enron Corp. tax  group is fine with the changes (although these are not necessary). Also,  Enron will deliver forms as Barclays wishes. Let me know if you have any  questions. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  BLACKBIRD - Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement 
Email : Since the Master is drafted for ECT/TBS, what does your message mean in terms  of moving the ISDA, guaranty and side letter along? As I mentioned to Ted,  what EI or an EI project company does outside of the ECT swap is not  something that I can track. Thanks. SS   <Sep> Subject :  TBS swap 
Email : I did speak with Ana Soria. Her only concern was the legal opinion. I faxed  her the format for the legal opinion and attached a cover sheet which  indicated that ENA must receive the executed opinion by the close of business  on December 29. I've attached a copy of the fax cover sheet. Also, Joe  Hunter has added the "Automatic Termination" provision into the  confirmation. Have a happy holiday. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  EDEN 
Email : Pending execution of a master agreement, Amoco transactions continue to be  documented under the omnibus. Willie has brought to my attention three  issues which continue to be raised by Amoco:  1. Procedures for entering into Transactions: deletion of response within 2  Business Days after receipt of confirmation and failure to respond as  conclusive evidence of Transaction  2. Setoff:  there doesn't seem to be an "Affliliate" issue but I'm not  certain of their comment to setoff applicable against a "derivative amount"  (are they attempting to prevent setoff against physical amounts owing? or  only trying to clarify that unpaid "derivative amounts" can be setoff against  other amounts due?) 3. Choice of law:  change to NY  I thought you could address these issues in your negotiations and let Willie  know how to handle. I've left confirm in your office. Thanks. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  BP Amoco Corporation ("Amoco") 
Email : I just received this message from Mark. Let's talk and I can see what I can  do. I'm not aware of any written broker agreements used by ECT for trading  other than those for futures and equities. I can check on the physical  side. SS   <Sep> Subject :  Broker Agreement 
Email : Here's the original blackline. Leave me a voice mail with the names and I'll  revise my latest blackline today so that we can satisfy Cargil. SS   <Sep> Subject :  Cargil Guaranty 
Email : Attached is a draft list of items for review. Some of the items require  immediate document  revisions; others require policy decisions before  revising the documents. Please edit and refine. Mark suggested that we  confer and come up with specific recommendations. Once we create a list,  let's try to meet on one or more occasions to discuss. SS   <Sep> Subject :  Swap group discussion issues 
Email : I hear that a binding agreement and/or PPA was signed with MOEMA for a  10-year transaction. Do you have an English version of the MOU or PPA? Details? Thanks. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  MOEMA 
Email : Attached are drafts for: (1)  Short cover letter to be signed by ENA (Scott Neal) requesting quotes (2)  Draft proposal for discussion purposes (3)  Draft confirmation format  Please review for accuracy and call/email to discuss. Thanks. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  CMS Marketing, Services and Trading Company 
Email : Marie is not in the office today; your direct contact should be Susan Bailey  (X 34737). I spoke earlier with Rick Hopkinson who indicated that the account will  probably be for the benefit of EPCA. We need to verify a few details (account party, purpose, resolutions,  authorized trader list, etc.). Also, will the broker be Morgan? Nancy, since you will be working on the authorizations, please keep in mind  that Ted Murphy will limit authorized traders to the Houston equity  traders(and perhaps Bruce) for control purposes. I believe we had to change  the Enron Brazil Power Holding XII Ltd. resolutions in that regard. I'll  verify. Susan and I will wait to hear from one of you in Sao Paulo. I called about  10 minutes ago and no one was available. Thanks. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Brokerage Account/CIESA transaction 
Email : I just wanted to touch base with you about efforts to keep good lines of  communication between B.A. and Houston about trading activity in Argentina  and Brazil (both financial and physical). I participate in Randy's weekly  conference calls and Brent tells me that you have now undertaken that role in  B.A. As you know, sometimes proposals and deals "slip through the cracks"  and Houston is taken by surprise. We want to remain current and proactive. Please feel free to leave me an email or voice mail when you learn of any  relevant activitiy. I , in turn, communicate directly with credit in Houston  (Pat Cini or Rod Nelson) and tax in Houston (Lynn Aven or Rick Hopkinson or  Michael Herman). If you ever feel the need for a conference call, I'm always  available and I'm sure credit and tax would be glad to join. Also, I hold a  weekly Friday conference call with Brent and Lynn to discuss current trading  issues in Argentina and Brazil. Thanks. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  "trading" activity in Argentina and Brazil 
Email : I am trying to distinguish these two types of entities both practically (what  are we able to negotiate) and legally (what do we really need in our  Schedule). I am also interested in your experiences in dealing with these  parties. ENA's form of "municipal" Schedule ("the ENA Schedule") was essentially  taken from the 1992 ISDA U.S. Municipal Counterparty Schedule ("the ISDA  Schedule"). In addition to other provisions, the ISDA Schedule (1) adds reps  designed to avoid "an Orange County" type meltdown and (2) incorporates the  concept of "Incipient Illegality" (which occurs before the Termination Event  of  Illegality). The "Incipient Illegality" concept is used  in Section  2(a)(iii) (obligations) as well as the Section 3 (reps) of the ISDA  Schedule:   the concept is added to the Section 3(b) rep ("..absence of Event  of Default, Potential Event of Default, Incipient Illegality...), and for  purposes of notifying the other party of its occurrence. Interestingly  enough, the ENA Schedule does not include the Section 3(b) rep change. I  think we need to add this change to ENA's Schedule. With respect to IOUs, we need to clarify our position on "Regulatory  Development" (which is actually a watered-down "Incipient Illegality"  concept). If such an event occurs, ENA should be advised of the event  (Notice). But, does ENA really want the ability to terminate trades at  mid-market ("Additional Termination Event") or simply to have this event  included as part of a Section 3(b) rep such that the occurrence of the event  merely triggers an Event of Default at ENA's side of the curve (for breach of  the Section 3(b) rep)? I have found that negotiating with IOUs for the "Notice" provision can be  difficult. Extracting the Additional Termination Event is tough. Arguing  for a Section 3(b) change may be easier (and would mirror the municipal  format). I think ENA really needs the ability to decide when to halt trading  with a counterparty experiencing a Regulatory Development (which we may only  learn about through notice from the counterparty). Thus, I recommend that  for IOUs, we add a notice provision and Section 3(b) rep change incorporating  our latest definition of "Regulatory Development." But we really have to  negotiate for this protection. Otherwise, why bother to include this  additional language? What do you think?   <Sep> Subject :  Municipals (including municipal utilities and other regulated  entities) vs. investor owned utilities ("IOUs") 
Email : I have reviewed Tana's list of North American utilities and have the  following comments:  (1)  I have tried to eliminate all governmentals and regulated entities. However, I suggest that we ask Kevin Leitao to take a quick review for  obvious errors. (However, I don't want Kevin to prepare unlimited research  on our behalf. I'll discuss with him). (2)  I suggest that we ask Canadian counsel to review Canadian utilities on  authority/regulatory issues. In my experience, Canadian outside counsel was  reluctant to even comment on utilities located in provinces other than  outside counsel's domicile. (3)  The online omnibus does not contain the ISDA Section 3(c) rep as to  absence of litigation. This rep drags in governmental bodies and all  agencies (hence, a state PUC). Thus, online parties will rep as to authority  to transact each time they trade but we will not know about potential PUC  issues. (Under the ISDA, a party would have to notifiy us of a "Regulatory  Development" and we may have an Event of Default for failure to notify; we  may also have a Termination Event under our current format).   <Sep> Subject :  IOU's: Online Trading 
Email : The financial trading group has a recurring request by our conterparties to  add a provision addressing the admissability of trader tapes into evidence in  court or other proceedings. Our current language merely states:  "Each party  consents to the recording, at any time and from time to time, by the other  party of any and all communications between officers or empoyees of the  parties, and waives any further notice of such recording." Here are the  facts and issues:  1. Our agreements provide for arbitration (most likely) or jurisdiction in  specific courts or are silent as to jurisdiction. 2. ENA policy is to destroy trader tapes after 6 months. 3. If we are doing our job, a written and signed confirmation should exist  in our files for each and every financial transaction. On occasion, we have  not confirmation signed by ENA's counterparty. By agreeing to add "admissability" language, are we waiving the parol  evidence rule? Do we always want the ability to introduce existing  recordings? Can you provide us with language acceptable to ENA that we might propose to a  counterparty (when asked)? Here's an example of a recent request:  "Any such recordings may be submitted  in evidence to any court or in any proceedings for the prupose of  extablishing any matters pertinent to the [ISDA] Agreement."   <Sep> Subject :  Admissability of tapes into evidence 
Email : I don't know if you have spoken with Susan Flynn about her schedule  before/after her surgery, but I have some questions that you may have already  addressed, such as:  Has Susan prepared a matrix reflecting the status of documentation (i.e.,  existing masters, agreements to use ENA master/terminate counterparty  master,etc.) with the various CES counterparties? Carol mentioned that she  could finalize this project. Will someone receive be checking Susan's email and voice mail and physical  mail each day? What efforts (if any) are ongoing with respect to PGE? What about existing files? Top Tens (Swiss Re)? Any ISDA comparisons could  be accelerated by giving directly to attorneys. Who will prepare reports for legal/credit meeting? Who is entering year-end deals onto Lotus Notes? Should Susan Bailey handle  per Carol's suggestion? I'm sure that everyone in the group would appreciate a better understanding  of how to handle the situation. Thanks. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Susan Flynn 
Email : Can you email a copy of the "Loan and Security Agreement" to me at  sshackl@enron.com? I can then redline suggested changes to your agreement. Thanks. If you need to call, I'm at (713) 853-5620. Thanks. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Loan and Security Agreement 
Email : I would like to take the following days in February as vacation days:  February 3,4,18  Please let me know if this presents a conflict. Thanks. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Vacation Days 
Email : I have been receiving the "Enron International Southern Cone" list of  projects (updated weekly) for the B.A. office for quite some time. As you  know, it covers trading Projects and Claims/Litigation/Regulatory. Is there  a similar list prepared for projects originating in Brazil? I would like to  recieve such a list as would the parties copied above. Please let me know. Regards. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Enron South America - Project List for Brazil 
Email : We are currently updating our database of brokerage agreements for Ted  Murphy. We only show two (2) executed agreements for ECTRIC and/or UK SPVs. These include agreements that ECTRIC has with Fimat Futures UK Limited and  Paribas Futures, Inc. If other such agreements have been executed, would you  please advise and send copies to Houston. Ted will now keep a duplicate set  of agreements. Also, would any other European locations have executed  brokerage or futures agreements? If you have any questions, please call. Regards. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Brokerage Agreements - England 
Email : ENA can confirm the transaction on our "omnibus confirmation" with one or two  minor changes (Joe:  please call me). Also, ENA sent a draft ISDA Master Agreement to Puget Sound Energy on  3/9/99. If you anticipate more financial trading, please let me know as we  should pursue execution of the ISDA Master Agreement. Thanks. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Puget Sound Energy 
Email : I have two (2) tickets for "Wit" playing at the Alley Theatre for Friday,  Feb. 11 (8 pm, Sec. 4, Row G). Let me know if you are interested. No  charge. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Tickets for "Wit" 
Email : Attached is a redline based upon the document generated by you. I'm sure  there will be many items for discussion and I look forward to hearing from  you. Regards. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Loan and Security Agreement 
Email : Happy New Year! I was hoping you could respond to some issues raised by Enron's Argentine  commercial group. They have told me the following:  (1)  An association known as the "Argentine Association of Derivatives" has  developed a document currently being circulated in the Argentine market for  use in the near term. It is in Spanish and it is not an ISDA. It is a  "short" document (i.e., much shorter than a standard ISDA Master Agreement  and ISDA Credit Support Annex). (2)  This document is being prepared by experienced professionals. Are you  involved in this effort? Is ISDA involved? Perhaps we could schedule a conference call and/or you could provide me with  an accurate account of any local activity in connection with the foregoing. If ISDA is not being used in Argentina for commodity swaps and derivatives,  Enron needs to understand the issues and current discussions about  derivatives transactions. I look forward to hearing from you. Regards. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  "Argentine Association of Derivatives" 
Email : Let's verify that this is an IOU. The Master should be sent to the attention  of Dave Brown and you should advise Cary of when it was sent to the  customer. He may want a copy. ps  Remind me to give you both copies of Tana's utility analysis. Also,  Marie, let's talk about the utility language and circulate for comment.   <Sep> Subject :  Nicor Gas Company 
Email : Happy New Year! Just wondering if you had an opportunity to review the CSA  and comment. Drop me a line or call 713/853-5620. Thanks. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  ISDA Master Agreement and Credit Support Annex 
Email : I still need to revise the agreement for the bank/broker. I need the exact  name of the lender and an addressee. Smith Barney was sent to Steve Piasio. Thanks. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  ABN AMRO 
Email : Lynn will come to my office at 9 am. Julian will try to be here too but he  has an 8am meeting and may be late. I can call you if you like, but just let  me know which number. SS  P.S. Shall I just schedule a call with you and Mark?   <Sep> Subject :  I'm back online! 
Email : Sorry to keep sending emails BUT my assistant just walked in and said that  you were expecting a presentation by Mark Taylor on the phone call. To my  knowledge, Mark doesn't know anything about this call (your email of 1/17  doesn't mention Mark). So, I'm totally confused. If we are going to discuss  the term sheet process and related tax issues, let's do it. If you want to  cancel because you are expecting something different, please let me know (and  advise Lynn and Julian). Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Conference call 1/27/00 
Email : I am finalizing the docs and we should coordinate with Julian. You may want  to let Scott Neal know that we will need his signature. SS   <Sep> Subject :  CMS 
Email : Holly Krebbs just did a deal with these guys (short form) but they want to  negotiate an ISDA. We need to send an updated form to them. Will there be  any credit changes?   <Sep> Subject :  Puget Sound Energy, Inc. 
Email : Attached is a short letter advising subs/affiliates of ENA of existing  brokerage and futures accounts. I thought these should be sent to the  general counsel and CFO/Treasurer of each company. Please let me know your  comments, frequency of review, whether any other group should monitor, etc. Each attached Exhibit will contain only a list of accounts. I have not  included account numbers but we can do so and include any other information  you consider relevant. Remember, the only other "brokerage account matrix"  which we have produced is a quick view of brokerage firms and Enron  companies. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Brokerage account audit memo to be distributed by Enron North  America Corp. ("ENA") 
Email : In discussing the Omnibus with outside counsel on a deal, I am not clear that  the definition of "Loss" picks up the concept of "Unpaid Amounts." Arguably  it does (although the concept of "Unpaid Amounts" is built into the ECT  Master upon which the Omnibus was based for Early Termination for Events of  Default but not followed through entirely for Accelerated Termination Date). My guess is that we decided that Omnibus "Loss" pv of economic loss includes  both past amounts owed/subsequent valuation. Can you recall?   <Sep> Subject :  Omnibus - Section 4 (Remedies) with respect to aggregation of  Gains, Losses and Costs 
Email : Can we schedule a short call on Tuesday to discuss the local Argentine  derivatives issue? I am not free at 10 - 11 am or after 2:30 pm. Houston. Also, have you been able to confirm whether Don is the man in charge in  Brazil? Sara   <Sep> Subject :  short conference call 
Email : Can you give me a little more info on this topic? Is anyone in Houston  involved? I just want to make certain that we haven't missed anything in the  process. Thanks. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  currency hedging and "convertibility insurance" 
Email : FYI - I will be out of the office on Feb. 3 and 4. Let me know if you want  to reschedule earlier. Thanks. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Conference Call on Feb. 4 
Email : Per our conversation with Dan F., ENA needs to understand issues related to  the distinction between "investor owned utilities" (or "IOUs") and municipal  utilities (or "municipals") in connection with derivatives activity. In the  U.S., this distinction enables us to treat IOUs as general corporates. Thus,  we negotiate our standard ISDA Master with an IOU, except that we add an  Additional Termination Event to prevent the IOU from taking an adverse stance  in its state public utility commission proceedings. A copy of that  Additional Termination Event is attached for your review. Our approach with  respect to municipals is dramatically different. When negotiating an ISDA  Master with municipals, we use a Schedule modeled after the 1992 U.S.  Municipal Counterparty Schedule, having additional reps, the added concept of  "Incipient Illegality" and an enforceability opinion. A copy of that  Schedule is also attached for your reference. We would like to understand whether this distinction also exists in Canada,  and if so, in all Canadian provinces, and whether there is a distinction when  a municipal is an investor in an IOU (as we understand that the government  may assist a utility to emerge from bankruptcy). In that regard, would you  recommend that ENA use distinct ISDA Schedules for these types of entities  and/or would you recommend specific changes to our format?   <Sep> Subject :  I'd suggest the following: 
Email : Jeff Nogid has called about putting some ENE masters in place. I have  already spoken with Clement about this. ENE will be trading FX, interest  rate and equities through Gary's group. Jeff mentioned names such as Merrill  Lynch Cap. Services, Credit Suisse and Sumitomo. He will obtain specific  names and contacts at the various firms and forward that information to me  and/or Shari. We'll let you know. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Enron Corp. ("ENE") ISDA agreements 
Email : Under separate cover, I will fax to you a copy of the February 6, 1998 legal  opinion which, from my research, created the "issue"  between SG&E and Enron  North America Corp., formerly Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp. It might  be easiest if SD&G reissues the opinion without the qualification contained  in Paragraph 5. Please let me know what you think. Regards. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  San Diego Gas & Electric ("SG&E") - financial tradint 
Email : I am negotiating an ISDA on behalf of ENA with an Australian corporate  insisting upon a legal opinion (enforceability) with respect to the Enron  Corp. guaranty. Is this a customary request by Australian corporates that  you would normally grant? If so, who has issued the opinion? I look forward  to your reply. Regards. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Australian counterparties - Guaranty in connection with ISDA Master  Swap Agreement 
Email : I'll be out of the office Feb. 3 & 4. Carol is attending a class on Feb. 3. Please direct inquiries to lawyers present on those two days. Kaye Ellis knows how to reach me in Baton Rouge.   <Sep> Subject :  Just a reminder 
Email : I just finished neogtiating Annex A with this CP and its lawyer for the  8-month financial deal effective 2/1/00. The CP is anxious to receive an  ISDA so that the ISDA will govern this transaction and future transactions. Please let me know who will prepare credit (since the CP knows my phone  number and is awaiting receipt of a draft!). Thanks. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Puget Sound Energy, Inc. 
Email : Tracy Ngo will be preparing credit for an ISDA. The draft should be sent to  (Steve) Morus at the CP (check the green file because we've done an  omnibus). You can insert NY law but no other omnibus changes need to be  made. Thanks. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Puget Sound Energy, Inc. 
Email : Have you sorted through the ENE ISDA masters with Jeff Nogid? Should I call  him again? Anyway, it looks like another request is attached. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  ISDA Master Agreement 
Email : Trying to set up conference call with Tiger (will advise). Enron Corp.  lawyer out of town until tomorrow afternoon; trying to find another Corp.  lawyer to review the guaranty. Also, received e-mail from Harvard asking  when I'd respond. Is this just a routine request? SS   <Sep> Subject :  Tiger 
Email : I am in the process of finalizing the ISDA and need for you to provide me  with a definition of the "Cross Border Lease"  for insertion into Paragraph  12 of the Credit Support Annex. I will need to refer to the lease in several  places. Thanks. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  ISDA Master Agreement 
Email : Thank you, dahling, for the lovely card. I'm thinking of you as well (but I  ALWAYS think of you). I'll be thinking of you when I am in New York and  especially when I pass by Ferragamo. And when I pass by Tiffany's. I hope  your day is filled with valentines. Love,  Sas   <Sep> Subject :  Happy Valentine's Day 
Email : Can you please advise of legal holidays in Brazil during the remainder of  February and March? I don't know how many days Mardi Gras/lent last. I need  to plan future trips to Sao Paulo. Thanks. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Holidays in Brazil 
Email : 1. At the end of the "Notice of Exercise" clause, ass"(but not both)"  2. Instead of "Additional Provisions", insert the following:  Special Provisions:  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the exercise by the Buyer  of the option to enter into either Underlying Transaction I or Underlying  Transaction II is conditioned upon (i) the execution by the parties on or  before the Expiration Date of an ISDA Master Agreement and (ii) Enron Corp.  Risk Assessment and Control approval [of what?]. In the event that  either/both (?) condition is not satisfied prior to the Expiration Date, this  Transaction shall terminate on such date without further action or payment  required by either party.   <Sep> Subject :  Re-Box 
Email : I am planning a trip to BA from Feb. 27 - March 3. The objective will be to  present derivatives training for the BA traders, meet with tax and legal  representatives and the Argentine Derivatives Association with respect to  changing tax laws, legislation, and "local" derivatives trading, and sitting  down with Mike Guerriero to establish an "action plan". The monthly swap  calendar does not indicate other lawyers out of the office during that week. Please note this on the group calendar. Thanks. Sara  P.S. Mark - let me know if there are other issues you would like to have  addressed.   <Sep> Subject :  Trip to Argentina 
Email : Patricia:  Thanks very much for your quick response. I would very much like  to solicit your help in arranging some meetings when Lynn Aven (tax) and I  visit BA in two weeks. We definitely want to meet with one or more members  of the ADA who are responsible for drafting and implementing the new  agreement. And your suggestion to meet with your colleague who has been  lobbying for derivatives tax legislation is one we readily accept. Could you  possible try to schedule these for convenient times on Tuesday and Wednesday,  February 29 and March 1, respectively? I will be out of the office tomorrow  but in next week. Enron is closed on Monday,  February 21 for President's  Day. Let me know if you would like to speak directly of if I can assist in  any way. Looking forward to our visit. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Trip to Argentina 
Email : Attached is the Media News draft confirm. Paul will call about that one. Traders will book new deal and kill prior transaction with Affiliated  Newspapers. (notice the merger and/or name change issues????)   <Sep> Subject :  Re-Box & Media News Group 
Email : I'm waitlisted on the Continental flight so we may be traveling separately. I do, however, have a room reservation at the Sheraton Towers. Kaye can help  you. I'm out of town tomorrow so let's regoup on Tuesday. SS   <Sep> Subject :  FYI 
Email : Lynn and I will be in BA during the week of Feb. 28 to meet with lawyers,  accountants, commercial group, etc. Just a heads up for you. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  BA trip 
Email : I don't think Marie handled yet. Please handle and advise Brent that you are  the person working on Argentina. Also, we can send the latest deal report  which we should discuss briefly (and the new list of addressees). Thanks. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  ISDA 
Email : Please see attahed. Let me know if you have questions about the  option  template and please let me know if you think the Delano draft satisfies the  conversation we just had with Leslie. Thanks. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  omnibus option template and Delano draft power confirm 
Email : In connection with the trip to BA next week, I am having some problems  scheduling meetings with other consultants and would like to know whether you  have been able to schedule a meeting on Tuesday (Feb. 29) or Wednesday (March  1) with your colleagues and/or the ADA. I would appreciate hearing from you  as quickly as possible in the morning because I already have requests to meet  on those two days. I would obviously like to defer to your plans. Please  call me tomorrow. Thanks. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  meetings in Argentina 
Email : Patricia:  Thanks for putting the meetings together. In addition to Lynn  Aven and me, both Andrea Calo and Brent Hendry would like to attend. I'm  looking forward to visiting with you next week. Regards. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Meetings at Marval on March 1 
Email : FYI - Shari Stack is negotiating the brokerage agreement with Banc One and  there seems to be an issue over the interest rate. Needless to say, I have  never had any conversations with Banc One over this issue. SS   <Sep> Subject :  Interest Rate Issue 
Email : Brent, Andrea and I were hoping you might be available for a 30-minute call  on Tuesday after 5pm (BA time) or 2pm (Houston time) on Tuesday, Feb. 29. The BA office had a meeting last Friday afternoon and has apparently set some  rather lofty goals, such as online trading for Q3, etc. Please let me or  Brent know if you are available and/or alternative times. Tomorrow we meet with the American Chamber of Commerce, Wed. with Marval and  the ADA and the Securities Commission, and Thursday with tax consultants. Also, I need to talk with you about Brazil when I return. Sami has been  diligent about forwarding deal flow information and there are a ton of  references to PPA's and SWAPS. We are still trying to get our arms around  all the business units in Brazil to track their activity. Have you heard  from Yao? This international position may be right up his alley. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Telephone conference 
Email : Sami:  I'm concerned about the deals showing up on the origination list which  we received on Friday. There are multiple references to swaps. We need to  talk. I'm in Argentina and may not make the call tomorrow because I have  meeting outside the office. I'll try to call you tomorrow. sara   <Sep> Subject :  origination deals 
Email : I think that the reference may be in the setoff clause and the CP was trying  to exclude "other Transactions" and limit setoff to derivatives only. Unfortunately, I don't have the form with me. SS   <Sep> Subject :  BPAmoco Corp / Amoco Corp 
Email : Just kidding! I'm fine. I've been cut off twice on telephone calls to the  states so I may have problems calling you in the next hour or so when I leave  the office. FYI: NTAP closed at 188-3/4 and CISCO closed at 132-3/16. It's too early for the  mutual fund reports. The weather is again gorgeous; we had empanadas for  lunch and they were much better than tamales. I read the tamale article in  the Oxford American and it talked about the tamale man in Greenville, MS  (whose name was Six Sixty-Six, being the sign of the devil so the tamales  were really HOT). Tomorrow we meet with another law firm. Thursday and  Friday I meet with the commercial people about ISDA agreements and one  business customer is flying in from the province of Mendoza to discuss an  agreement. I'll call you later and I'm going to try to go to bed earlier  tonight (I'll try to call after 9pm BA time). Love, the DG   <Sep> Subject :  Can you rescue me from BA? 
Email : I hope you are doing well. I finally have my laptop so I can at least read  email during the day. The weather here is gorgeous. It's about 72 during  the day and cooler at night. We went to a restaurant that had a "tunnel of  fudge" por d'creme. Someone at the table said there is a similar recipe in  the Charlie Trotter cookbook. Do you have that cookbook? I know you have a  lot of them. I fly hime Friday night and arrive in Houston on Saturday  morning at 6:30 am. Mike should be waiting for me at my house and I can't  wait to see the Phoebe and sports dog a/k/a Chloe. How's mother and daddy? I can't send mother email because she may pick it up on her voice mail. Love,  sas  PS  Are you working on Friday?   <Sep> Subject :  Hello from BA! 
Email : I have meetings this morning with the Marval firm but was hoping you could  help out here. 1. Could you please check with the Alley Theatre Box Office and find out if  I have tickets for a performance this Friday night (March 3). They will  check under the name "McKeogh" and my local phone number "713 664-3207". Just let me know so that I can figure out what to do. 2. Could you please change my McDonald's phone call presently scheduled for  1pm (BA time) tomorrow. I would need to reschedule through Mike Irgang(info  in lotus notes) at McDonald's and let Ed Quinn know. My BA schedule is on my  calendar. 3. I am tentatively planning a trip to Sao Paulo. I will stay from 3/17  through 3/27. However, I need to arrive on 3/16 and depart on 3/28. Could  you please check flight availability? I first need to clear through Mark  Taylor and I will copy you on that message. Thanks. for now.   <Sep> Subject :  I need your help 
Email : Mark:  I have been in touch with Sami Arap who is now Andrea Bertone's boss. There are currently two seminars scheduled in Sao Paulo aimed for the  commercial group and the lawyers as follows:  1. March 17 - Milbank Tweed  (Securitization) 2. March 27 - Bracewell (legal issues for contracts)  I think I should attend these and was considering a trip to arrive before the  start and after the termination of the seminars (approx March 15 - March  28). In the interim I could (hopefully) wrap up financial issues with  Tozzini and address at length physical issues with Tozzini. Also, I can  speak with commercial groups and plan a "swap"seminar for the commercial and  legal groups (date TBD but probably after the legal seminar in San Antonio). Please let me know if the timing works for our group in Houston and if you  have other thoughts. Hope all is well. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Trip to Brazil 
Email : Hi Felix! I return from Argentina this weekend. I am having some problems  with the laptop which I'll need you to adjust upon my return. I am traveling  with an ESA person from Houston who has a laptop and never experiences any of  the daily problems which I have. The problems are:  1. Immediately upon logging in each day, I receive the following message:   "This install. will install CITRIX ICA Client  - YES or NO"  2. "Unable to load workspace file destop.dsk. File is in use by another  program. Delete the file and create a new workspace?" Also, the screen freezes frequently and I'm not sure what this is related  to. I can't use the laptop offline to even get into word. When can we review these problems? Thanks. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  laptop 
Email : Rod and Susan:  I met with the counterparty and lawyer last week. Following  are the results: Rod:  CP would like a phone call to discuss the Schedule and CSA. They  mainly want explanations as to why ENA made the elections in the docs for:  1.  p.1 Cross Default Threshold  2.  p. 2 Additional Event of Default, part (xi)  3.  p. 4  issue providing Quarterly Unaudited Consolidated financials  4. CSA p.2:  How was Collateral Threshold determined  Susan:  CP would like the following: 1. Schedule p. 3:  sample certificates per third entry for docs to be  delivered  2,   "                p. 5:  need to get address  3.   " p. 6:  Process Agent. Need to provide CP into on CT  Corp.  You will need to speak with Julian Poole because the CP has fairly good  English (the lawyer does not speak English) and Julian may want to schedule  the call. I don't know how quickly the CP will want to act because there is  a Stamp Tax issue to be resolved. Thanks. Sara   <Sep> Subject :  Hidroelectrica Diamante Sociedad Anonima 
Email : If they limit the fill to oil from the royalty-in-kind program, we can't participate because that's only an option for companies drilling in the Gulf. If they go beyond that (DOE sources say they are inclined to), there might be a chance for us to participate if they solicit offers on the spot market. One consultant said that option is less likely, but they will look into it more closely for us. More likely they would contract with some oil-producing states off market to provide the rest. If they open it up to everyone, we will have plenty of time to make an offer during the solicitation period. CJS   <Sep> Subject :  possible participation in SPR move 
Email : just had 2 refusals to trade due to crdit issues. one from shell, which is a bit surprising since i thought we cleared this last week. but anyway, the guy's name is james blount and number for stasco is 0207 546 5755 the other is socgen and this is due to some limits on gas side that they r linking. the guy there is frederic naudan and his number is  33 1 42 13 03 91.   <Sep> Subject :  credit 
Email : The SO2 Emissions Credits Inventory transaction with Barclays Bank PLC has been extended for 12 more months as of yesterday, November 6. Barclays has arranged a facility of $170 million, of which $158 million was used as of yesterday. As a condition of extending the term past yesterday, Barclays required collateral in the form of a cash deposit or an L/C from an acceptable bank. We have posted cash until L/C lines become available. The cash raised, net of collateral posted, was approx $98 million, with capacity to put more SO2 credits into the facility. The facility allows Enron to raise cash off-balance sheet without leaving us with short positions in our SO2 book. As a condition of Barclays accepting cash collateral instead of an L/C, we amended the Swap Master between ENA and Barclays PLC to reduce the number of days to pay to avoid a payment default to one business day from three business days after notification by Barclays. This amendment automatically reverts back to the original three business days immediately upon Enron posting an L/C to replace the cash collateral. Further, Barclays has agreed to review the need for collateral in six months, such that if our credit situation improves sufficiently Barclays will release the collateral while leaving the facility in place. The terms of the transaction allow EGM to sell SO2 Credits into the facility and call back the credits on one day's notice multiple times over the next year. We pay interest expense in advance as a call option premium; if we call any credits back early, however, we receive a refund on the unused interest expense. The upfront fee was 50bp on $170 mm for the year (though we really have 13 months) and the spread is 65 bp. Please contact Soma Ghosh or me if you would like further updates. On behalf of Soma Ghosh and Jim Lewis   <Sep> Subject :  SOX Financing Update 
Email : The Advanced Book Exchange has forwarded the following order. This is only a confirmation of your order ... the book seller will contact you shortly to confirm this book's availability. No response is required. Author...... Bony, D'Anne. : Title....... Les Annees 30. Publisher... Paris, Editions Du Regard, 1987. BookId...... 8809 Price....... ? 220.00  2 Volumes. 31cm. 1,380pp, hundreds of b/w and colour ills. Cloth. Slipcase. Terms....... We accept all major credit cards. Payment can also be made through our Giro account.   <Sep> Subject :  Confirm ABE Book Order: Les Annees 30. 
Email : Jeff:  I am glad we were able to reschedule our discussion about Opt4, including demo of its product. We are set for this Monday November 19 at 2:30 your time. I will call you at your office number. We will be broadcasting the demo to you over web-ex. To log in to the demo just :  1. Go to the web-ex site (www.webex.com)  2. At the first screen, click the button "Meet on Line" in the upper right corner of the screen. 3. On the second screen, click the blue "Join Meeting"  button on the left, middle section of the screen. 4. On the third screen enter the Meeting number in the box at the top of the page. The meeting number is 43248761. Then click "Join"   I'll look forward to speaking to you Monday.   <Sep> Subject :  Opt4 demo 
Email : You don't have any furniture? Kjaerholm is fantastic but it is a low scale and works best when together. Most other furniture looks too big near it. I'll try to send the pics again. I like Mies...which chairs? We have an older daybed (Mies) coming in. What do you like? What do you want your place to feel like? It helps me when sending pics to you...warm, architectual, cool, gallery , (?)etc... Would you mind sending the check fedex when you get it? You know how it is... the money comes in and then it goes out.....Thanks, Kim   <Sep> Subject :  Furniture 
Email : Mike/Jeff:  Attached is a list from the Enron Corporate Secretay's Office of the Enron companies where you are a Board member and/or an officer, noting your title. It is my understanding that the Enron Director/Officer Liability Insurance Policy does apply to directors/officers of each of these companies. Let me know what questions you have and I'll do my best to answer them or promptly find an answer. Regards, Alan   <Sep> Subject :  List of Companies 
Email : Hi Jeff, We are bringing alot of new furniture to the shop tomorrow. I will send some jpegs with an overall view and you can tell us if there is anything of interest. Also, have you gotten your new checks yet? We could really use the payment. Thanks, Kim   <Sep> Subject :  furniture madness 
Email : I am totally remiss! I am only now sending  you the email you asked for with the breakdowns, etc. The total sale was  $50,000, and I devised net prices as such:   KPM set: $25,000 Royal Copenhagen vase: $3,000 Mars Vallet bronze: $11,000 Rozenburg vase: $11,000   I've attached the original invoice for you as  well. My Dear Jeff, I hope you are holding up through all  this shit that your company is putting you through and I am truly sorry that  it's happening to you. You deserve a whole lot better than  this. Love,   <Sep> Subject :  hi 
Email : To correct the list I gave you as to ELFI: Jeff, you are the President and COO; Mike, you are the Chairman & CEO. Jeff, by the way, Enron Intelligence Exchange (a Cayman entity) was formed in 2000 by the LNG group to be a company to participate in the internet trading of LNG. Obviously, no activites to date. I still need to find out the purpose of Enron Administrative Services Corp. I will let you know tomorrow. Regards, Alan   <Sep> Subject :  Enron Liquid Fuels, Inc. 
Email : ***REMINDER***  We have not yet received your feedback. Your input is very valuable and to be included in the participant's summary report, it must be received NO LATER THAN CLOSE OF BUSINESS on Monday, October 22, 2001. Without your feedback, the participant may not receive a summary report or be eligible to attend the program.   <Sep> Subject :  TIME SENSITIVE: Executive Impact & Influence Program Survey 
Email : Here is a summary of what our key contacts are saying on the oil market:   SPR:  We still expect the Administration to announce an SPR fill plan very soon. The original date has been postponed because work has been seriously disrupted up here due to anthrax scares. We expect them to start with royalty oil, which means that companies drilling in Federal lands in the USG can pay some of their taxes in oil instead of money (like they did in 1999). But DOE sources believe that this (approx 100kb/d) will not be enough for proponents of the plan, and they will want to expand the SPR fill to include purchases either through the spot market or through off-market contracts with key oil producing states. IRAQ:  Sources believe that the US will try again for "targeted sanctions" when the oil for food program comes up for renewal in early December. Like last time, there will be Iraqi disruptions, and also like last time, the US will likely give up after making a symbolic stand. Bottom line -- we expect around 4-6 weeks of Iraqi oil export disruptions.   <Sep> Subject :  Oil Update from Washington 
Email : just talked to marcello castilho, the head of petrobras office in london. he gave me the following: their crude production is down by 900mbd. they have crude and product stocks for the next 5 days, but then will need to buy. initially the thought wud b to buy crude however, the situation may have worsened at the refineries. he was pessimistic about the discussions. said that petrobras called them to a meeting ydy as everyone knows and only upped the ante by 1pct on their side vs the 8.5 sought plus the inflation catch-up of 42pct. this really angered the unions and they have now said they will not come back to the table before seeing the numbers next time. he said petrobras is up against internal competition now from other oil and gas companies who are offering ex petrobras workers a 15pct increase over their current pay, so petrobras is in a poor position. so far the refs have been running at very low rates and the managers have not allowed the workers to leave the prmeises but have bunked them and fed them their in 12 hour shifts. by law they can only do this for 3 days and some fighting has already broken out at one location, so doubtful they can continue the 'imprisonment' much longer. if it comes to a bigger showdown he thinks the unions will just shut the refs down on the last shift that they work, and he will be buying product not crude.   <Sep> Subject :  petrobras update 
Email : Jeff,  Please accept my apologies for the slight delay in getting back to you on the message board regarding this week's API forecast. I'd like to take a minute of your time to highlight what we are doing to address all our concerns over our forecasts and how we are actively seeking to produce better results that we are all comfortable with and that provide useful insight and tradable information to our colleagues on the trading desks. As I am sure you know, forecasting the API's is not as scientific as other industry data such as the AGA's. The API is not consistently clear as to how it measures crude demand and this week's data is  a clear example of this in that there is a discrepancy of 1.2 million b/d between crude runs and the demand figure shown by the API. Each week the basis of measuring crude demand changes slightly. To address this we are looking at finding ways of predicting what we call the API Curve Ball Factor through a  variety of regressions / moving averages analysis. The second area we are in the process of perfecting is imports data. We are working closely with IT and Net Works to scrape real time shipping information in order to give us a better handle on crude coming in to the country. We are also recruiting a Quants PhD from Vince Kaminski's group who will be able to bring a slightly more scientific skill set to our team of business / economics skill sets. Please be assured that this issue is one we are giving the utmost priority to addressing. Having only recently taken on responsibility for the crude and products fundamentals team I have not had much opportunity to discuss issues with you. Please be assured that I am available at any time to discuss this, or any other, issue with you. Best regards,   <Sep> Subject :  API Forecasts 
Email : To all Corporate Committee Members: As a Committee Member, you are asked to thumb through your rolodex and find those contacts that would be most interested in supporting the Contemporary Arts Museum. This year, we would like to start the thinking process before the November 1st meeting to avoid leaving out any potential targets. Therefore, we are asking that each of you identify three to five possible companies with your contact names and fax or email them to Amber Winsor at awinsor@camh.org or 713-284-8275 by 5:00 p.m. Tuesday, October 30, 2001. We will approach these companies to join as a corporate member at the $1000, $2500, $5000 or $10,000 levels. You can decide which level to ask for and you will be a signature on the request letter. At the meeting, we will identify co-signers to help improve the chances for a successful response from these prospects. FYI - for those of you who cannot attend the November 1st  meeting, this step is even more important. It will bring your voice and ideas to the meeting if you can't be there in person. Thank you.   <Sep> Subject :  CAM Corporate Committee, action required by October 31 
Email : Jeff: On our conference call on the SATO MoU a week back I promised to send you the DASH and press release on the 50:50 Swiss trading JV Enron Europe has recently put in place with the Swiss municipal power company EWZ. Note the DASH is draft only. Interesting precedent. Regards - Jeremy   <Sep> Subject :  SATO: Enron Europe Trading JV 
Email : Fred- Robyn structured and executed our first power deal with AIG's Arbitrage Fund yesterday- DKR. Its our first deal.. we made money and it fit directionally into Steve Vu's book. We have been pitching the weather product since the beginning of the year but have been limited by the size of transactions we could do and the funds understanding of the market. Most of the funds want to use weather as a hedge for an underlying position in gas or power.. and the size of the market in weather has not been enough to cover directional NYMEX views. So we started to look at smaller deals in the market areas to hedge regional power and gas underlyings that will naturally be smaller positions. DEAL we did: Basket of 5 cities... equally weighted   DKR sold Nov HDD swap of basket of 5 cities: chicago, clevland, LGA, DC, Boston - equally weighted average of the 5 cities strike = 650 payout= 2,000/HDD  with 400,000 cap. DKR benefits if it is warm.   <Sep> Subject :  1st weather deal 
Email : Mr. Shankman:  My name is Robert Brown and I am a fellow alumnus of the Wharton School. I noticed that you provided your name on the Penn Career Network as a mentor for other alumni. I have just returned from a sabbatical and am currently seeking to enter the energy industry in Houston now that I have returned stateside. As a person who has achieved a prominent position in the industry in which I am interested, I thought you might be able to help me in my endeavors with some advice. Would it be possible for me to contact you at a convenient time, so that I might be able to ask you a few questions? Please feel free to call me on my cell phone at 832.541.5805 or you can also reach me through e-mail by responding to this e-mail. Thank you for making yourself available to other alumni like myself. I look forward to speaking to you. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Penn Career Network 
Email : Per your request this AM find attached break-even economics for gulf coast refiners with cracking and alkylation but no hydrocracking and coking. This represents approx 30 pct of the gulf coast refining capacity. The light/heavy spread mentioned is the spread between residual fuel oil and light products. The info comes from McKinsey.   <Sep> Subject :  refining B-E 
Email : As a valued member of the Contemporary Arts Museum's Board of Trustees, you have been selected for the Corporate Committee. (You may have been assigned to additional board committees. These committee chairs will contact you soon.) The goal of the Corporate Committee is to bring in new and renewed Corporate Members at the $1,000, $2,500, $5,000 or $10,000 levels. Their gifts will account for $40,000 - $50,000 of unrestricted operating support this year. Your primary responsibility as a Corporate Committee member will be attendance at the year's only Committee Meeting, scheduled for Thursday, November 1 from noon to 1:30 p.m.  After the meeting, the development staff will work with you at your convenience by phone, fax and e-mail to draft solicitation letters, deliver them to your office for your signature and assist you in any way possible in your follow up efforts. This year's committee will be chaired by G. Stephen Finley, Senior Vice President, Finance and Administration, and Chief Financial Officer at Baker Hughes Incorporated. The November 1st meeting will take place at his office located at 3900 Essex Lane, Suite 1200. Lunch will be provided. Please R.s.v.p. to Amber Winsor at 713-284-8263. Thank you for serving the Contemporary Arts Museum in this capacity. If you have any questions, please contact me at 713-284-8265 or at kssoh@camh.org. Karen Skaer Soh Director of Development   <Sep> Subject :  Museum Corporate Committee 
Email : All,   Attached, for your information,  is a 2 page financial and statistical fact sheet for EGM (as a consolidated unit and for each business unit). I obviously would have liked our gross margin and EBIT to be a lot larger but all the other facts show enormous growth and progress. I wanted to at least get it into your hands in case you needed a quick reference. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  EGM Q3 fact sheet 
Email : As I mentioned in our meeting the other day EGLI buys approximately 9,000 MMbtus per day of natural gas for the Morgan's Pt. MTBE plant. Since the price risk of this natural gas is for the account of EGLI I would appreciate your help as to when is a good buying opportunity for physical or financial natural gas. During July through September we bought on a floating price since the market was going down during each of those months. For October we bought fixed at $1.94/MMbtu. We purchase the physical gas from AEP delivered through the old HPL system.   <Sep> Subject :  natural gas 
Email : Mike/Jeff,   As indicated in the list of deals and interested cps that we sent you yesterday, we closed a transaction with Japanese trading company, Kobayashi Yoko, this afternoon. Kinoshita and Anai had been working this company and had already gotten basic documentation and credit approval in place. We had also gotten prior approval from Sheila Glover and Gary Hickerson to use the local metal's trader to handle FX swaps up to USD30MM. Commodity and FX risk (except for 4 days from contract settlement) have been hedged with Singapore and ENA. Not a big deal in and of itself (notional USD250k), but a start. We believe there is much more demand and plan to see more in the near future. Also expect to see first LPG deal with Marubeni with our new mid mkt "trader" very shortly. We would back to back transaction as well. Details of this transaction are as follows:   Enron Japan sells Dubai swap to Enron Singapore  Month: March 2002  Volume: 12,500bbls  Price: 20.24$/bbl  Enron Japan sells US$253,000 to ENA  Value date: 5 April 2002  Price: 118.92Y/$  Enron Japan buys Dubai swap from Kobayashi Yoko  Month: March 2002  Volume: 12,500bbls (=1,987.34 kl)  Price: 15,110Y/kl   <Sep> Subject :  Enron does its first yen based crude trade 
Email : Throughout this holiday season we have been reminded by press and media of the changes to our lives' normality because of the events these last few months. When we travel we observe uniformed soldiers and added security that tell us our way of living and business conduct has forever changed. The messages of this holiday season, Hope, Peace, Love and Joy have significant meaning. All our hearts desire these feelings to endure. Perhaps like never before we should commit to be instruments that bring Hope, Peace, Love and Joy to our country and to our world. Our faith in those principles and ideas that have carried us and made us great has been renewed. Our resolve to make a difference in every endeavor has been strengthened. We know we will get better after being in the valley of adversity and trial. Tom James Company and all our employees across the United States, the United Kingdom, Japan and Holland join me in thanking you for your business in 2001. We have been tested and we are strengthened. Our partners, who call on you, are better equipped entering 2002 than ever before to serve you. We have significantly added quality products in all our price points and expanded our casual wear. The addition in 2001 of the finest footwear made in the world has given us the highest quality footwear product available. Our partners in our 11 factories have been touched by the events of September 11th and after. Most of our manufacturing facilities are in the Northeast part of the United States. Tom James, like so many others, experienced loss. So, going forward forever in our memories will be the faces and pictures of 2001. Our commitment to you is to be better and our obligation to life is to give back to life with what we are and who we become. Your patronage is very important to Tom James. Please let us know when we do not perform to your expectation. Our guarantee is 100% satisfaction. We live by our creed. Thank you for helping us enjoy a fine year. We will pursue excellence in   <Sep> Subject :  Messages of the Season from Bob Sherrer, Chairman and President o f  Tom James 
Email : The Austin Group Energy, L.P. Monthly Newsletter  Let's describe a typical and recurring nightmare for generating unit operators. It's noon on August 15, temperatures have reached the upper 90s all week; you're well into your reserve margin to serve native load, when a unit trips off line. Do you scramble to find replacement power at record high prices and worry about the consequences later? Or, have you prepared for this event? When the degree of risk has not been quantified, fear of the unknown can lead to restless nights, and understandably so. The financial implications can be astounding when a unit outage occurs during a period of high spikes in market prices. How does this relate to the recruitment and hiring of talent within your shop? Allow me to bring the story together. What would you do if your top employee came to you and said, "You've been great to me and I've learned alot, but I just accepted a job at your level right down the road and they like me so much they want me to start tomorrow." Do you spring into 911 mode or are you ready for this day. Start a relationship today with The Austin Group Energy. We will keep you aware of all available talent in your market area. These candidates are currently employed and do not answer ads. They stay in touch with opportunities through us to ensure confidentiality. Why would Top 5 marketing companies pay us for the recruitment and placement of over 400 successful hires when they could hire them on their own. The smart and proactive companies understand how to outpace the pack when it comes to hiring talent, they call The Austin Group Energy. THE FOLLOWING CANDIDATES ARE AVAILABLE FOR IMMEDIATE OPPORTUNITIES:  Ref# 00012123 Power Options Trading Desk This PhD candidate is responsible for long term derivatives trades/structures (Asian options, heat rate options, weather/power derivatives structures, swing options etc.) Ref# 00012124 Rotational Program- Risk Analytics This MBA Finance candidate is analyzing/evaluating structured transactions and derivative instruments. Has developed a VBA-based delta-adjusted risk exposure model for all asset management groups. Designed intermediate-term forward power curve forecasting model based on gas forward curve. Created Visual Basic Monte Carlo simulator for Excel for option analysis. Ref# 00012125 Quantitative Analyst This M.S. in Applied Mathematics candidate builds short term models necessary to forecast/schedule usage on a portfolio basis, by various levels of aggregation (e.g. region, congestion zone, weather zone, customer, etc.) Constructing statistical and econometric models to accurately predict seasonal customer usage based on rate class, calendar and geographic climate patterns. Ref# 00012126 Quantitative Analyst - Manager This candidate developed and implemented two Value-At-Risk (VAR) methods for Natural Gas. Developed and implemented models for pricing and hedging exotic natural gas options (Gas Daily and Peaker). OpenLink experience with VaR and mark-to-market calculations. Ref# 00012127 Director Derivatives Trading and Portfolio Management Developed Nymex and locational options, position risk management model. Evaluated and assisted in the process of selecting and implementing a new real time front and back office financial system with VAR capabilities. Structured deals for marketers using embedded financial products and  traded natural gas options and fixed for float swaps. Priced and hedged advanced options and swaps such as swaptions, asians, extendibles, expandibles, and spread options. Ref# 00012128 Risk Control Analyst Support Origination and Trading activities by providing daily mark-to-market values and VaR reports through accurate and timely entry of financial transactions into RMS system. Maintain database for RMS system and Integrated Commodity Trading System (ICTS) for entry of financial trades. Ref# 00012129 Risk Manager Responsible for all mid-office trader support functions. Responsibilities include daily senior management position and P&L reporting, process improvements, system implementations, structuring of originated transactions, and rollout of an operational analysis plan. Ref# 00012130 Senior Commercial Analyst:  Pricing and Structures Developing model to incorporate basis and transportation into gas fuel costs utilized in mark-to-market valuation of a gas-fired generation asset. Determined market value of regional power by confirming the marks estimated by the trade desk against independent broker prices. Forecasted resulting previous day's trade-to-market figure for preliminary valuation of book value. Ref# 00012131 Director - Risk Management Analyze financial markets and advise physical traders of hedging and trading opportunities. Analyze market, secure management approval of trading strategies and execute financial trades. Generate position reports for upper management. Ref# 00012132 Risk Management Specialist Perform risk management functions for the gas trading organization, including daily position and P&L reporting. Ensure deal validation and perform problem resolution for executed trades. Create daily VaR estimates for both cash and term traders. Ref# 00012133 Risk  Analyst Determine market value of regional power, confirming the market values estimated by trade desk against prices set for independent brokers. Forecast resulting previous day's trade-to-market figure for preliminary valuation of book value. Participate in daily Value at Risk calculations, exception reporting for daily variances, updating of daily price curves, and updating proprietary models which value long term transactions.   <Sep> Subject :  The Austin Group Energy, L.P. 
Email : As an industry, the generation business has gradually moved from an environment focused on surplus reserve requirements to one of highly volatile prices and robust generation margin spikes. As this shift has occurred, the industry has had to adopt many of the risk management practices employed in other commodity industries. For the most part, these risk management practices have their genesis in the financial markets, where sophisticated tools have also been developed to measure the success of these practices. The most commonly recognized measure of profit exposure to unforeseen events has been Value at Risk (VAR). This Wall Street metric measures the statistically supported loss exposure of a portfolio of assets and forward positions to a short-term negative turn of events. While this is a very useful measure of a speculative trading portfolio, its value does not translate easily to measuring exposure of generation assets to profit erosion. Savvy power companies are deploying an additional risk metric, Profit at Risk, to more accurately assess risks specific to the volatile electricity trading market. A key feature of PAR is that, unlike VAR, it assumes that positions will be taken through to delivery rather than closed out. The full financial risk of highly volatile spot prices and volume risks including unplanned outages, sudden increases in demand and delivery failures by contract partners, is comprehended in this metric. A blend of VAR and PAR risk metrics will create links between the front, middle and back office trading operations, allowing traders to operate within established risk parameters that both protect the enterprise and maximize trading profits. The Austin Group Energy, L.P. has been recognized as one of the fastest growing companies in Houston, as denoted by the Houston Business Journal Top 100 List. We placed #21 and were the highest ranking executive search firm in Houston. Below is a brief description of the type of candidates that are open for immediate opportunities:  Ref# 00012123 Power Options Trading Desk This PhD candidate is responsible for long term derivatives trades/structures (Asian options, heat rate options, weather/power derivatives structures, swing options etc. Ref# 00012124 Rotational Program- Risk Analytics This MBA Finance candidate is analyzing/evaluating structured transactions and derivative instruments. Has developed a VBA-based delta-adjusted risk exposure model for all asset management groups. Designed intermediate-term forward power curve forecasting model based on gas forward curve. Created Visual Basic Monte Carlo simulator for Excel for option analysis. Ref# 00012125 Quantitative Analyst This M.S. in Applied Mathematics candidate builds short term models necessary to forecast/schedule usage on a portfolio basis, by various levels of aggregation (e.g. region, congestion zone, weather zone, customer, etc.) Constructing statistical and econometric models to accurately predict seasonal customer usage based on rate class, calendar and geographic climate patterns. Ref# 00012126 Quantitative Analyst - Manager This candidate developed and implemented two Value-At-Risk (VAR) methods for Natural Gas. Developed and implemented models for pricing and hedging exotic natural gas options (Gas Daily and Peaker). OpenLink experience with VaR and mark-to-market calculations. Ref# 00012127 Director Derivatives Trading and Portfolio Management Developed Nymex and locational options, position risk management model. Evaluated and assisted in the process of selecting and implementing a new real time front and back office financial system with VAR capabilities. Structured deals for marketers using embedded financial products and traded traded natural gas options and fixed for float swaps. Priced and hedged advanced options and swaps such as swaptions, asians, extendibles, expandibles, and spread options. Ref# 00012128 Risk Control Analyst Support Origination and Trading activities by providing daily mark-to-market values and VaR reports through accurate and timely entry of financial transactions into RMS system. Maintain database for RMS system and Integrated Commodity Trading System (ICTS) for entry of financial trades. Ref# 00012129 Risk Manager Responsible for all mid-office trader support functions. Responsibilities include daily senior management position and P&L reporting, process improvements, system implementations, structuring of originated transactions, and rollout of an operational analysis plan. Ref# 00012130 Senior Commercial Analyst:  Pricing and Structures Developing model to incorporate basis and transportation into gas fuel costs utilized in mark-to-market valuation of a gas-fired generation asset. Determined market value of regional power by confirming the marks estimated by Entergy's trade desk against independent broker prices. Forecasted resulting previous day's trade-to-market figure for preliminary valuation of book value. Ref# 00012131 Director - Risk Management Analyze financial markets and advise physical traders of hedging and trading opportunities. Analyze market, secure management approval of trading strategies and execute financial trades. Generate position reports for upper management. Ref# 00012132 Risk Management Specialist Perform risk management functions for the gas trading organization, including daily position and P&L reporting. Ensure deal validation and perform problem resolution for executed trades. Create daily VaR estimates for both cash and term traders. Ref# 00012133 Risk  Analyst Determine market value of regional power, confirming the market values estimated by trade desk against prices set foependent brokers. Forecast resulting previous day's trade-to-market figure for preliminary valuation of book value. Participate in daily Value at Risk calculations, exception reporting for daily variances, updating of daily price curves, and updating proprietary models which value long term transactions. Please contact me for detailed interview packets of each candidate. Should you have further questions, do not hesitate to call.   <Sep> Subject :  The Austin Group Energy, L.P. 
Email : John, he did well with the gas guys, so lets make him an offer. Get with m= e=20 and we'll go over the offer. Thanks. Jeff   <Sep> Subject :  Interview Thank You from Mario De La Ossa 
Email : As mentioned during the fourth quarter, Gary and I would like to begin  regular meetings of our Trader's Roundtable. The ideas generated from this  group should be longer term trading opportunities for Enron covering the  markets we manage. In addition, this forum will provide for cross commodity  education, insight into many areas of Enron's businesses, and promote  aggressive ideas. Each week, we'll summarize commodity trading activity, and provide an open  forum for discussion. Your input is valuable, and we've limited this group  to our most experienced traders, and would appreciate regular participation. Our first meeting will be Tuesday, January 9 at 4:00pm in EB3321. Jeff & Gary   <Sep> Subject :  Traders Roundtable 
Email : I believe Greg W. is coming to talk to you today about this new business. Further to this, I'd like to ask again how I can get access to VAR  (I  believe Lavorato and Sherriff have $5 million they each keep upstairs and  allocate to their businesses as needed temporarily). Is this a Board  question, or do you have the authority to allocate this VAR to me? On another note, I've been helping Bill Bradford with PGE exposure issues. If you too need my help, let me know. Thanks for your help...   <Sep> Subject :  24-7 crude Book 
Email : I met with Carlo (as did several other Enron employees) last week and we are  talking to them about a number of ideas. One of which is detailed below  (from them) and has technology and paper/lubmer points. I believe Carlo from  Dow will be calling you guys shortly. Take a look at the attachment and  you'll understand the points he's making that are relevant to your  businesses. Jeff   <Sep> Subject :  Buildscape Strategic Opportunity 
Email : I have some real concerns over this contract Louise put together for  Jonathan. Shanna, can you check this out with Robert Jones. I'd like to  restructure this contract. Jeff   <Sep> Subject :  Jonathan Whitehead 
Email : Let's send our a memo to deal makers, book admins, and business heads to  remind everyone what the process should be regarding desk notification of big  transactions/cash flows. Why don't you take a stab at writing a memo, send  it back to me, and I'll review. Let's try to get it out this week. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Large transactions and/or significant P&L swings 
Email : get me a spot on the shuttle. But I'll probably use a car service. What  time does this concert thing start, and can you get me all other directions,  and info. Thanks. Jeff   <Sep> Subject :  Rodeo - Monday 19th February 
Email : We are pleased to announce the following within EGM:  The Convertible Bond Arbitrage desk will be moving from EnronCredit.com to  the Equity desk under Gary Hickerson, and will be managed by Mike Bradley. Billy Lemmons has joined Gary Hickerson's unit as well. He is exploring the  agriculture value chain and outlining our risk management, (What else here?) Dan Reck will be transitioning out of the coal group and will be exploring  our rail and trucking initiatives. These markets together represent  approximately $105 billion notionally, and we believe there are many  synergies between our energy, coal, and freight trading businesses. In  addition, we have asked (Pierre Aury to run our worldwide vessel trading  businesses. Scott Moncrief will be responsible for all liquids vessel  businesses reporting to Pierre)  (should we mention cement here under george  mclellan?) Our worldwide weather operations will continue to report to Mark Tawney in  Houston, and he will have all V@R  allocation responsibility between Sydney,  Tokyo, Oslo, and Houston. In addition we will be forming a weather marketing  desk in London. Janelle Scheuer will be joining the Global Products from Enron America's East  power origination group, and is responsible for developing a mid-market  business specifically for our liquids businesses. She will be reporting to  John Nowlan. Bill White will be coming over from EBS and has responsiblity  for all U.S. financial crude trading. Don Schroeder will continue to have  oversight of our physical crude business. Anything else?   <Sep> Subject :  Org Draft 
Email : I'm writing from houston (TX) and I cannot find anyone here who shows your  furniture. Can you direct me to some one in this part of the country? I  have large outdoor spaces that I'd like to furnish with Brown Jordan. Thanks for your help.   <Sep> Subject :  Your web site, and I'd like to buy furniture 
Email : Please send this to the staff meeting distribution list. Please take a minute and fill out the Pulse, and encourage your organization  to do so as well. Thanks. Mike and Jeff   <Sep> Subject :  Current Pulse totals for Enron North America/Enron Global  Markets/Enron Industrial Markets as of 10/22/00 
Email : FYI. These guys do great intelligence work for us, and I'd be happy to help  you guys get a similar effort going for you if you do not receive these  services already. (They have done everything from competitior studies to  industry studies both commercial and political)  Best,   <Sep> Subject :  Asian Credit Alert- AP & P 
Email : Rick,   The responsibilities of the Retail Electric Market Group would be as follows:  1. Open New Markets - Work jointly with legislative team by providing technical analysis and testimony etc. in opening new markets in states identified by Enron. 2. Deregulation Proceedings - Spearhead participation in deregulation proceedings to unbundle utility rates, establish stranded costs and structure the transition period leading to customer choice. Also included are the various rulemaking proceedings establishing the details of how the market will function. 3. Implementation of Customer Choice During the Transition Period - Assist EES and ENA in determining value propositions and structuring products. Provide support for state certification and registration with utility companies which includes working through a myriad of issues such as EDI testing, processing DASR's. billing, metering, environmental disclosure, transmission service agreements, etc. Assist in sales calls as requested. 4. Post Transition Period Market Structure - Participate in proceedings establishing terms, conditions and pricing for such issues as Provider of Last Resort and Default Service. This issue is being addressed in New Jersey, Massachussetts, Ohio and Illinois. Hope this is helpful. Janine   <Sep> Subject :  Retail Electric Market Group 
Email : Rick -- here is the offer letter for Paul. I believe it has everything noted except if we are going to allow for a house hunting trip prior to his moving. I'm told this is usually done in conjunction with a business trip, so I'm not sure if that could be worked in for Paul.   <Sep> Subject :  Paul Hennemeyer 
Email : Hello Robert,   Attached please find the collective comments of Rick, Paul, Sarah and myself on the draft document for employees describing appropriate interaction with Dynegy. Please call either Rick or myself if you have any questions regarding our suggestions. Thanks,   Sue   <Sep> Subject :  Revised documents 
Email : Hi Rick,   The revised document that I sent to Robert is the same as what you saw, with the following additions:    The bullet point saying that NYMEX transactions are okay has been deleted based on Sarah's conversation with Adam Wenner. The Enron affiliates with market-based rates are listed in the two footnotes. Several "plain English" edits from Paul have been incorporated into the first page. Sorry this went out so late. I'll give you a call in the morning. Sue   <Sep> Subject :  document for Robert Eickenroht 
Email : The Government Affairs group is involved in diverse and complex activities. Tracking and quantifying these activities is important for several obvious reasons - to keep upper management apprised of our activities; to illustrate the value added and risk managed by our group; and to keep each other properly  informed so that we can better coordinate our efforts. Currently, these activities take place on an ad-hoc manual basis, which is time-consuming and inefficient. We have a tool already in place to track our activities - the Project Tracking database in Lotus Notes. Currently this application is used primarily for RCR's, but beginning November 1, 2001, the Government Affairs group will use this application to track all projects and efforts  - replacing the need for manual updated spreadsheets and activity quantification "fire-drills". The Projects have several features to allow capture of sub-sets of information, including Updates, Risk, Origination and Valuation. **  Please note that this will become the only way that we'll gather this information. In other words, if you don't enter your data into Project Tracking, we won't know what you're doing! **( all other reports will be eliminated)   The current Lotus Notes application will be discontinued as of October 31,2001 and will be converted to a web-based product. You'll find the web-based version as easy or even easier to use than Lotus Notes. Additionally, conversion to a new database structure will allow for more versatile report extraction. Before the conversion of the project data from Lotus Notes to Oracle, we need to do some data cleanup. Please expect a call in the next two weeks from Elizabeth Linnell, Bryan Gottfredson, or Darran Binns to schedule some time with you in person or on the phone regarding your current project list, additional projects to add, and a brief overview of the new system. Please feel free to call me if you have any questions and/or concerns.   <Sep> Subject :  Database Tracking of Activities 
Email : Please find enclosed the political and regulatory roundup for October 24. In recognition of the METI announcement that the electricity reform committee will begin deliberations on November 5th, the newsletter will cover regulatory developments in energy policy in addition to national political issues, starting from this edition. Contents:  1)  Anti-terrorist bill consumes parliamentary session. Supplementary budget issues next on agenda 2)  Energy Deregulation:    a) Electricity Reform Committee to start deliberations November 5    b) Environment Ministry opens committee to discuss merits of carbon tax   <Sep> Subject :  Political and Regulatory Update from Enron Japan, October 24 2001 
Email : Colleagues:  In addition to the regulatory assessment for Transredes, Elektro, and the San Juan Gas rate case (previously communicated), here is the current workload in TIRS with their corresponding project leads. 1) Monetization: a) CALIFE - Venezuela:  Support the sale of asset through providing the requested  due diligence. This function includes a regulatory analysis and determination of the base rate, the exercise of which should allow the determination of the strategies used by the regulator to set Calife's tariffs. Lead:  Alberto Levy   a) SPC - Philippines:  Support the sale team through providing regulatory due diligence to the current draft regulatory law. Emphasis is placed on articles affecting grandfathering contracts, in addition to full assessment of the draft. Lead:  Mike Grimes   2) Asset Acquisition: a) Nicaragua Privatization: Support the acquisition team through providing regulatory due diligence. Lead:  Alberto Levy  As these services have been demanded by the above individual business units, kindly remember that business units should pay out-of-pocket costs, if any. With the exception of SPC project, Team Leads shall discuss their demand on internal resource in the Section meeting planned on Nov. 3rd. Please let me know if you have any question. Brgrds  AI   <Sep> Subject :  Technical International Regualtory Support - Workload Update. 
Email : The Following are our  recommended changes to the agreement( I would also  like to discuss the waiver of conflicts section with you):  Page 2, item (3) should read "The payment of a "project fee" of $175,000 upon  the achievement of each milestone described in Exhibit A to this letter. Item (4) should read "The payment of a "project fee" equal to 2% of the  project's total cost upon the achievement of the milestone described in  Exhibit B to this letter. Exhibit A should read as follows:  Individual milestones subject to "project fee" payments:  1. With respect to Haywood Power I, L.L.C. ("Haywood Power"), the abandonment  by the Tennessee Valley Authority ("TVA") of its proposed 320 MW expansion of  its Haywood County, Tennessee facility ("Lagoon Creek"), which results in  Haywood Power being allowed by TVA to interconnect into an existing 500kV  open bus position in the Lagoon Creek substation. Achievement of this  milestone shall be evidenced by the interconnection specifications set forth  in an Interconnection Agreement between TVA and Haywood Power, and the  milestone shall be deemed to be achieved upon execution of said  Interconnection Agreement. 2. With respect to Haywood Power, the decision by TVA to eliminate the  Network Upgrade related to the reactive power requirements as set forth in  Haywood Power's System Impact Study, presently estimated at a total cost of  $5 million. Achievement of this milestone shall be evidenced by the Network  Upgrade requirements set forth in an Interconnection Agreement between TVA  and Haywood Power, and the milestone shall be deemed to be fully achieved  upon execution of said Interconnection Agreement to the extent such Network  Upgrade cost is eliminated. To the extent that such Network Upgrade cost is  less than $5 million, but greater than zero, a pro rata portion of the  $175,000 project fee shall be paid. 3. With respect to Calvert City Power I, L.L.C. ("Calvert"), the elimination  of TVA's present requirement for Calvert to pay for a Network Upgrade  consisting of the construction of a new 30 mile 500kV transmission line from  Cumberland to Montgomery. Achievement of this milestone shall be deemed to  occur upon (i) Calvert having determined in its sole and absolute discretion  that the overall project economics of its 510 MW generation facility are  viable, and (ii) execution of an Interconnection Agreement between TVA and  Calvert. Exhibit B should read as follows:  The development and construction of a generating facility in cooperation with  or partnership with certain distributors of the TVA (a "Development  Project"). Any such Development Project shall initially be proposed by Wyatt  or Sideview Partners, Inc.exclusively  to Enron. Enron shall have thirty(30)  days to make a determination as to whether to proceed with any proposed  Development Project. Enron shall not have any obligation to proceed with any  Development Project. At such time as all definitive agreements related to the  Development Project have been executed, the Development Project shall be  deemed to be an approved Development Project (an "Approved Project"). For  purposes of payment of the project fee, the milestone shall be deemed to be  achieved, for Approved Projects only, 50% upon the commencement of  construction of the Approved Project, and 50% upon commencement of commercial  operation of the Approved Project. For the avoidance of doubt, a project fee  shall not be payable for any Development Project unless it becomes an  Approved Project as defined herein.   <Sep> Subject :  Agreement 
Email : It is critical to our nation's energy future  to achieve robust competition  in wholesale power markets in order to ensure that electricity can move most   effectively from where it is produced to where it is most needed. To that  end, this Administration will strongly encourage the Federal Energy  Regulatory Commission( FERC)  to actively exercise jurisdiction over all  aspects of electricity transmission in interstate commerce and place all uses  of the grid under the same rates, terms, and conditions. This jurisdiction  must also be extended by Congress to cover non-FERC jurisdictional power  authorities.   <Sep> Subject :  "The" Bullet 
Email : Could each of you get me by next Friday( May 18,2001) a list of the top 5  priorities for each of your respective areas....and, if, possible, a  consensus document reflecting the top 8-10 priorities for the entire group? A  brief description of each of the priorities would be appreciated with an  attempt to quantify, where possible, the value associated with each of the  priorities( either value potentially created or loss of value avoided). Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  European Priorities 
Email : One additional point I should have mentioned on last e-mail...While it was  good to spend this visit exclusively in the office, I want to find additional  ways to contribute to the group during my future stays in the London office. If there are meetings outside the office, with regulators or others, where I  could be of value, please let me know. I will try to give as much advance  notice as possible of future stays in Europe. I'm feeling my way through this  new role  and will be looking to the four of you for guidance, both as to  where I can contribute and where I can't. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  My role 
Email : Bob Dinerstein, Head of UBS Warburg Legal will be arriving on Thursday, February 7. Bob would like to spend an hour with the business leaders to discuss the energy market and the regulatory/legal environment. I have reserved Conference RM 06716 for this meeting @ 1:00 p.m. CST. The dial-in number is listed below. Please advise only if you are unable to participate.   <Sep> Subject :  Conference w/UBS Warburg Legal Team - 2/7 @ 1:00 p.m. CST in ECS  06716 
Email : Hunter,  Below you will find attached the breakout of our sales between affiliated and third party markets. I looked at one sample day, so the volumes listed under daily marketed volumes may switch between affiliated and third party on a daily basis. These volumes will also fluctuate depending upon production. Please let me know if you have any questions.   <Sep> Subject :  ENA Upstream Sales Breakout 
Email : Hunter,  My name is Adrian Clark and I am an executive recruiter in the energy industry. One of my industry sources referred you to me and said you were the head of a trading desk there. My firm, First Call Associates, searches for qualified candidates for energy trading and marketing companies across North America and Europe. I am curious to know if you would be interested in discussing new job opportunities we are working on. You can find more information about my firm at www.firstcallassociates.com. We are very familiar with the nuances of the energy trading business and have built relationships with many energy companies enabling us to present qualified employees for their consideration. Be assured that any information we discuss will be completely confidential. My apologies for sending this to your email at work but I have not been successful reaching you during business hours. Adrian Clark Director First Call Associates, Inc. 8 Andrew Dr. Canton, CT  06019 (860)693-4122 (860)693-4118 (fax)  Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit   <Sep> Subject :  First Call 
Email : Attached is the most recent draft of the Aruba Review Process Outline. As of today, we have started briefing the commercial terms of the agreement, are aggregating all of the deal tickets and comparing with the supply contracts/transportation agreements, started to compare actual historical usage vs. forecasted load data, and have a meeting scheduled with Settlements on Monday. I will be out of the office for the rest of today and all of tomorrow, but will check voicemail. Please let me know if you have any questions. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Aruba Review 
Email : Going forward, I suggest the following. Procedure for Storage Confirmation and Execution:  1. Storage contracts mailed to trader. 2. Trader forwards contract to short-term transport book 3. Transport book verifies deal terms, sends a copy to back office, gets approriate signature on original, mail original to counterparty, contact counterparty to inform them that contract is executed and mailed back. 4. Back office verifies terms, add contract to a binder, send copy to confirmation group. 5. Confirmation group verifies terms, add contract to their files, send a copy to Global group to scan contract in the system in order to view contract on-line via Information Management System   <Sep> Subject :  Procedures to confirm and execute storage contracts 
Email : Frank Ermis -  Jay Reitmeyer - Eastern Rockies lead. Matt Smith - Trading Track, west fundies, Socal cash trading, scheduling, and risk. Jason Wolfe - Trading Track, west fundies, NoCal cash trading, scheduling, and risk. Susan Scott - Rockies scheduling, cash trading, and risk experience. Keith Holst - West Fundies lead. Tori Kuykendall - Southwest knowledge, cash trading, scheduler, fundies, basis. This list represents critical people to continue making markets, fundies analysis, and trading. Grigsby   <Sep> Subject :  Critical 
Email : The following reports have been waiting for your approval for more than 4 days. Please review. Owner: Christopher J Gaskill Report Name: Gaskill111301 Days In Mgr. Queue: 5   <Sep> Subject :  Expense Reports Awaiting Your Approval 
Email : Great Lakes representative, Martin Wilde, is stopping by tomorrow @ 3:00. I have set up this time to discuss with him his operations and present to him any questions we have. Please let me know if you can attend. Thanks   <Sep> Subject :  Great Lakes representative 
Email : Hunter,  Thanks again for the Coffee. I really enjoyed hearing your take on the industry and actually I really enjoyed your interview as well. I love to debate - especially economic theory/politics - which made your interview amazing to me. Quick Question, I apologize for not having a pen when we grabbed coffee. I'm having difficulty remembering the books you recommended. Would you remind again? Jason   <Sep> Subject :  Quick Question 
Email : The following reports have been waiting for your approval for more than 4 days. Please review. Owner: Christopher J Gaskill Report Name: Gaskill111301 Days In Mgr. Queue: 6   <Sep> Subject :  Expense Reports Awaiting Your Approval 
Email : The following reports have been waiting for your approval for more than 4 days. Please review. Owner: Christopher J Gaskill Report Name: Gaskill111301 Days In Mgr. Queue: 7   <Sep> Subject :  Expense Reports Awaiting Your Approval 
Email : After a careful review of the wholesale and retail gas trading and scheduling process it has been decided that the Gas Logistics teams should report directly into the Enron America's Commercial organization. This realignment will help to strengthen the commercial focus and communication between the trading desks and the schedulers and will play a critical role as Enron tries to maximize opportunities and maintain a competitive trading edge. The details are as follows:  Wholesale  Bob Superty will maintain his management of the Logistics support functions which include the Transport Rate team (Kim Olinger), Electronic Commerce team (Tammy Lee-Jaquet) and Regulatory Affairs teams (Suzanne Calcagno). In addition, Bob will now manage the Northeast Logistics team as part of the East desk. Bob will report directly to Scott Neal and will also help coordinate the Logistics function across all regions working closely with each of the regional Logistics Managers, Commercial desk heads and Enron Americas senior management team. Victor LaMadrid will manage the Southeast Logistics team and will report directly to Scott Neal. Victor's knowledge and overall east desk experience will be critical to help  maximize east desk opportunities and promote new initiatives across all regions. Lisa Kinsey will manage the Central Logistics team and will report directly to Hunter Shively. Patti Sullivan will manage the West Logistics team and will report directly to Mike Grigsby. Darren Farmer will manage the Texas Logistics team and will report directly to Tom Martin   George Smith will manage the Well Head Logistics team and will report directly to Fred Lagrasta. Retail   Donna Greif will now report directly to Don Black. Each of the regional Logistics Managers (East - Marde Driscoll-Ernest, Central - Charlie Muzzy, West - Sabra Dinari) will continue to report directly to Donna. Donna will continue her ongoing efforts in the development and integration of the new retail trading systems, prior period adjustments and development of a strong and talented Logistics team. Congratulations to all involved and welcome to the commercial gas team - John Lavorato, President and CEO, Enron Americas.   <Sep> Subject :  Logistics Commercial Realignment 
Email : Advanced Technology and 10 Free Online Equity Trades+ Dear Hunter Shively, As an active trader, you know that having the tools you need to trade  is essential in today's market. So, when you open an account with Datek , you'll have access to real-time market information, the ability  to customize your trading screen and direct access trading. See how you can take advantage of what Datek has to offer:      ? One Low Commission - just $9.99: Datek is the only online          broker that gives you one simple low commission for both          market and limit orders for any online equity trade up to          5,000 shares. ? FREE Streamer  3.0 Quote Service**. With Streamer Real-Time          Quotes you have access to customized quotes and charts that          show you the movements of any stock in real time. ? FREE Level II Quotes and Real-Time Charts***. Our Streamer          Level II Quotes provide a complete picture of the real-time          momentum of any Nasdaq stock, by showing you the top 15 bids          and offers from all ECN's and Market Centers. ? New: Customize your own Trading Site. What do YOU want to          see on screen? Datek offers three floating windows that let          you enter direct access orders faster, store your orders for          the right moment, and watch your account balance update in          real time. ? FREE access to Datek DirectSM?. Control the routing of your          Nasdaq orders with direct access - without paying higher          commissions. And unlike other online brokers, Datek does not          charge you for ECN fees. ? FREE Real-Time Screener??. Find stock opportunities that fit          your investment strategy by matching criteria you input with          real-time performance information. ? Fast Trade Execution*. If your marketable online equity          order isn't executed within 60 seconds, Datek will waive          the commission. If you act now, you can also capitalize on a limited-time offer for 10  free online equity trades+. Just open an account  by depositing or  transferring $500 or more before December 31, 2001. Please be sure to  include the offer code AZZ when filling out your application. Take advantage of this limited time offer - and Datek's free tools for  active traders - by opening an account today. Sincerely,   <Sep> Subject :  There are reasons why active traders choose Datek... 
Email : Bob, et al,  Please forward all PEC/NS/Aruba related documents to the attention of Kay Chapman with the estate. This would include all transportation agreements, binders, etc. If anyone has a full set/copy of the transportation agreements, please respond to this e-mail. They need to go on a plane to Chicago later today. We need to ensure these documents remain with the estate due to confidentiality provisions with PEC. As always, thanks for your assistance. Thanx,   <Sep> Subject :  PGL/NS - Aruba 
Email : Hi Guys? Per our discussion this morning - two further items needed to complete my end of this transition of the weather team:  1) A contact number for The Weather Channel - (770) 226-0000. It's a switchboard number but they do have a dial by name directory - that's how I get anybody I know there. The 2 names:  Dr. Steve Lyons and Kevin Stenson. 2) My internet explorer bookmarks can be found at O:/Research/Bennett/Favorites. My understanding is that this is all you guys need from me to complete my part of this transition. Please confirm this - and let me know if/what you still need me to do. To avoid confusion - please respond to everyone on the list above so that we can ensure that HR continues to be in the loop with this effort. Sorry about the confusion but please let me know what further I can do - or if you are satisfied please confirm that there is nothing further that you need. Steve   <Sep> Subject :  Weather Transition (Complete For My Part?) 
Email : Hunter,  As I mentioned this morning, since Zach McCarroll turned down the offer we = would like to explore the possibility of keeping David Woodstrom on the IT = team to fill the open position. The Fundamentals IT team has been cut to a=  minimum support staff, and the addition of David would facilitate more dev= elopment of fundamentals content. David has been focusing on the operation= al capacity reporting (morning ops reports) by creating better ways to acce= ss the operational data (real time query tool vs. standard reports). David=  also has been responsible for maintenance and development of the commodity=  fundamentals website since he joined the group in early 2000. He built an= d maintains the current message board system used by gas trading and as wel= l as the critical notice alerts for pipelines. He has also worked closely = with the West desk and Portland on various real time load and outage report= s.  David Dronet and I both feel that the addition of David Woodstrom will = allow the fundamentals team to continue producing innovative products inste= ad of providing only support for current operations. Let me know if you ha= ve any questions. Chris   <Sep> Subject :  David Woodstrom 
Email : Dear Body Shop Member:  During the UBS/Enron transition your Body Shop membership will continue without interruption. We are working with UBS and Enron to transition payroll deductions and continue exterior door access to the Body Shop. While we are finalizing these changes please continue your Body Shop membership. Thank you,   <Sep> Subject :  Body Shop Deductions for UBS Employees 
Email : The following will be the deal entry procedures for UBSWEnergy:  Financial 1. All non-electronic financial deals to be entered directly by Risk Management from a written and signed deal ticket (required) from front office   Physical 1. All current month physical deals to be booked directly into Sitara by front office (logistics/trading) 2. All non-electronic prompt month forward deals to be booked directly into TDS by Risk Management from a written and signed deal ticket (required) from front office    - physical meters to be added by logistics/trading   <Sep> Subject :  Gas deal entry procedures 
Email : I was looking at past levels, and I thouhgt to share my findings with you. Highest levels as of the first week of April was in 1999 of 1,367 TCF. Yesterday's AGA showed our levels @ 2,294. In order to reach 1999's levels we ould need to withdraw about 103 BCF a week (2,294 less 1,367 divided vy the remaining 9 weeks until the first week of April). Also, 1999 had the highest levels for the third week of January, levels were 2,039. Year 2002 is 255 bcf ahead.   <Sep> Subject :  US Storage levels 
Email : Is it possible for each one of you to meet tommorrow, 1/31 at 10:00 in conference room 6106 to discuss the assistant support. We need to decide how we are going to divide the assistants. Please let me know.   <Sep> Subject :  Meeting regarding Assistants 
Email : Everyone,  We are in the process of creating new contracts with UBS for all Market Data real-time applications, subscriptions and publications. Attached is a comprehensive list of all contracts that will be renegotiated under the UBS name for use by the Gas and Power trading entities. In order to leverage UBS' significant discounts and avoid duplicate efforts, Danielle Marcinkowski with Market Data will be the initial point of contact when inquiring about the addition or status of applications or publications. I bring this to your attention because we understand that several groups have initiated discussions with the various vendors over the past few days. If you have any questions please feel free to contact me at 713-853-9358 or Danielle at 713-853-7926. If you think something is missing from the list, please bring it to our attention immediately. Please pass this word around within your group as appropriate. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Market Data Contracts 
Email : Bill Read...Meteorologist-in-Charge...NWS Houston      281-337-5074   ext. 222  (Was looking at the job description and thinking about it for himself or if he had someone                    else to suggest)  Mark Walquist...Sr. Forecaster...Wilkens Weather       713-430-7100  (Work number...may not be able to talk in detail with him there...worried about job security)  John Lewis...Lead Forecaster...NWS Little Rock          501-985-2853  (Home phone number...indicated liked where he was...maybe you can be more persuasive)  Steve Bennett is working on getting us in touch with Steve Lyons and possibly some other Weather Channel forecasters. I have left 2 messages with Elliot Abrams...Lead Forecaster at AccuWeather. He works the early morning shift and I asked him to email me or call me. Robert Ricks is due in for an interview early next week. Dave Ryan is contacting Matt Rogers at Eartsat. Jay   <Sep> Subject :  Phone Numbers for Weather Position 
Email : Robert Ricks is a Lead Forecaster with the National Weather Service in New Orleans. He is interested in coming in to interview for the position. He indicated that next Tuesday or Wednesday would be the best dates for him. He is working midnight to 8am for the remainder of this week. He can be reached on his cell phone at any time...985-373-0608 or at home...985-875-0015. His work number is 985-649-0429. He will be sending me a resume in the next few days. On other candidates:  Bill Read (MIC- NWS Houston) is considering whether to interview or not. I will remain in contact with him. Mark Walquist (Forecaster - Wilkens Weather) has declined to interview due to job security issues. John Lewis (Lead Forecaster - NWS Little Rock) has declined to interview due to "happy where I am and no money can change my mind." I am trying to get an update on the status of Steve Lyons, other Weather Channel employees, and Matt Rogers.   <Sep> Subject :  Weather position 
Email : Hey Hunter,  I know I have been missing you for coffee lately but Rogers Herndon recommend I bounce a quick question off of you. He mentioned that it was possible that if enough people bail from UBS there may be a spot there for me. Do you think that it is possible that I could squeeze in? Jason   <Sep> Subject :  Quick Question 
Email : Hi Hunter,  I tried sending you an email earlier but I didn't have the right address. How are things? I am still looking for a job. I have attached a copy of my resume to this email. If anything comes your way could you please let me know. I am not necessarily fixated on trading. It would be optimal but I will do anything else for now. Thank you for everything,   <Sep> Subject :  Hi 
Email : NGI's Daily Gas Price Index  published : January 14, 2002 TransCanada Plans Export Capacity Additions  While it will take another two years for a Mackenzie Valley production and pipeline project to come together, there are signs that a safety margin is developing in Canadian natural gas supplies. Western Canada's established, heavily exploited gas fields can still deliver production growth for years to come, the National Energy Board has been told. TransCanada PipeLines Ltd. delivered the reassuring word in an application for a year-2002 expansion program dedicated primarily to increasing exports to California and the northwestern United States. TransCanada predicted that production from the western provinces can rise by about 15% to a sustained rate of 20 Bcf/d until at least 2010. Titled the Westpath Expansion, TransCanada's proposal calls for $48.3 million in new facilities to raise capacity on its British Columbia System by 420 MMcf/d or 16% to about 3 Bcf/d. The route crosses southeastern B.C. from the Alberta boundary to an export point on the U.S. border, where it fills PG&E Gas Transmission. Along with U.S. traders and power generators, customers lined up for the added service include Vancouver distributor BC Gas Utility Ltd. and Powerex Corp., a subsidiary of BC Hydro that procures fuel for gas-fired power stations. TransCanada told the NEB that it also expects to file a further expansion proposal in second-quarter 2002 for the B.C. System. The agenda matches growth under way on PG&E. TransCanada acknowledges that its forecast of supplies from the western provinces is more optimistic than the current expectations of the NEB, the Alberta Energy and Utilities Board and the Canadian Gas Potential Committee. The pipeline company said its information goes beyond official public records to include confidential data from customers, its own proprietary studies and updated information on results of last year's boom in gas drilling. The pipeline has told the NEB that "with continued demand growth, the Western Canada Sedimentary Basin should be able to support increasing levels of gas deliveries of up to 20 Bcf/d at least through this decade." Production from Alberta, B.C. and Saskatchewan averaged an estimated 17.2 Bcf/d in 2001. TransCanada also predicts that "unconventional gas" -- chiefly coalbed methane, and possibly reserves in "tight" or difficult geological formations -- will enter production by about 2006 and eventually reach 4 Bcf/d. But the pipeline projection acknowledges most tight gas "is not currently considered economically available within the forecast horizon (to the year 2025) and current technological assumptions." At the same time, TransCanada said there is also great uncertainty in predicting gas production from coal deposits because there is none yet in Canada.   <Sep> Subject :  TransCanada Plans Export Capacity Additions 
Email : Starting on Monday, January 12, we will begin discussing various topics on gas fundamentals. For the next few weeks, we will meet from 2:00-3:00 each afternoon in room ECS06716. I would like everyone's input and new ideas on how we can improve going forward. A tentative schedule of topics is attached. Chris   <Sep> Subject :  Fundamentals Discussions 
Email : Greetings everyone,  Please find attached the project vision for the Regulatory Knowledge Base. I would like for everyone to review it prior to meeting sometime in May to discuss the details of the project. Should you have any questions, please contact me. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Regulatory Knowledge Base 
Email : Greg Whalley has requested a Trader's Meeting tomorrow morning @ 7:45 a.m. (CST). The meeting will be held in his office, ECS 06752. The dial-in number for Portland and Calgary is listed below.   <Sep> Subject :  Trader Meeting - 2/7 @ 7:45 a.m. (CST) - ECS 06752 
Email : I just wanted to confirm the first meeting of the Analyst/Associate Committee on Monday, March 26 from 8:00-10:00 am in the 50th Floor Dining Room (eb50m). You will find an agenda for the meeting below, as well as attachments containing a recent overview of the program by business unit, and the results of an October 2000 survey of program participants. This information should help you prepare for our meeting. Feel free to contact me at x36671 if you would like to discuss anything prior to the meeting. I look forward to working with each of you. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Analyst/Associate Committee Meeting 
Email : Hunter,   I have attached below two worksheets. One that shows all of the users that are in the Level 1 category, and another that shows the files that only the Level One category will be able to view. We will be able to add and take off people or files on either of these lists whenever requested. Thank you,   <Sep> Subject :  Website Security 
Email : Hey Hunter, A quick update. Kevin Brady is up to speed on working with Colin and Chris on consolidating critical and noncritical notices for all the regions. I have also passed on the idea of an operations page on the website to the other logistics managers and the central desk schedulers to get their ideas and insights on how to make this page beneficial to both the traders and schedulers. A couple of ideas that have already been passed my way are:   1) Incorporating the Gas Daily and Index historicals against production/storage by pipe so that we could project cash outs (Mark Schrab)  2) A transportation rate matrix on the web site (Cora Pendergrass)  3) Enron operations personnel contact page with phone numbers and pictures. Much like the weather guys. I laughed at first but Victor LaMadrid     whom suggested this said that the East Desk Traders don't even know all of his schedulers. 4) An easy access to the pipelines meters and dunns numbers. (Kevin Brady)  5) Morning sheets updated with contract, constraint, and imbalance information from Sitara and Unify (Victor LaMadrid)  I have asked Kevin to consolidate all the ideas and then we can get together and decide which ones you want to place into production. Lisa   <Sep> Subject :  Operations Page - Fundys Website 
Email : Dear Associate / Analyst Committee:  The following attachment is information regarding upcoming events in the Associate / Analyst program. Please "save the date" on your calendars as your participation is greatly appreciated. Any questions or concerns you may have can be directed to John Walt or Donna Jones. Thank you,   <Sep> Subject :  "Save the Date" - Associate / Analyst Program 
Email : Hey Hunter, how's it going? Got a favor. I am sponsoring a "Summer Series" of presentations to select individuals in EES to get them more acquainted with the wholesale marketplace and other areas of Enron. I will be having these each Wednesday beginning June 13th. We're starting with US Power which Rogers Herndon is going to present. On June 20th, I'd like to have someone present US Gas. I'd really like to have you present if at all possible. We're doing these in 5C2 which holds about 100 folks. The EES groups will really benefit in gaining more insight into the wholesale markets. I'm basically wanting to give them an overview of the current fundamentals in the US Gas market, the influence from Canada/Mexico, an update of storage and transportation balances/concerns, our view of the forward market and the things that are influencing it, etc. We probably just need a 30-45 presentation with about 30 minutes for Q & A.   <Sep> Subject :  A Favor! 
Email : SAVE THE DATE! The EWS/OTHERS Associate and Analyst Mid-year 2001 PRC will be held on June 25, 2001. This meeting will include representation from EWS, APACHI, CALME, CORP, ECM, EGM, EIM, EIP, ENW, ESA, ETS, EOTT, HPL, PGE, EWC, Japan, EnronCredit, and EWS. Details to follow. Terry Bosien HR Manager, Associate and Analyst Program ext. 35230   <Sep> Subject :  EWS/Others Associate and Analyst Mid-year 2001 PRC - SAVE THE DATE 
Email : Please review and verify the attached spreadsheet. Make any corrections to employee info in RED on the spreadsheet  As we will not hold a pre-ranking meeting, please provide a pre-rank of 1-5 (see attached rating descriptors) for each employee. COMMERCIAL: Commercial employees are identified by a C in the Peer Group column You should be prepared to represent these employees at the July 9 Commercial PRC meeting  COMMERCIAL SUPPORT:  Commercial Support employees are identified by a CS in the Peer Group column Non-exempt employees (Clerks/Administrative Assistants/Coordinators) will not participate in a PRC meeting. Your ranking on the spreadsheet 1-3 (see attached rating descriptors under Job  Group Participation) will be the final ranking for these employees   Note: If your employees used the PEP system to do a self-evaluation, it is important that you review the accomplishments section of the self-eval prior to attending a PRC meeting. This information will be available to display on the screen during the meeting. If you have any questions, call me at 5-3847. Please send the completed spreadsheet to me no later than MONDAY, JUNE 11.   <Sep> Subject :  Important PRC info-Read and Respond by Monday, June 11 
Email : Please review and verify the attached spreadsheet. Make any corrections to employee info in RED on the spreadsheet  As we will not hold a pre-ranking meeting, please provide a pre-rank of 1-5 (see attached rating descriptors) for each employee. COMMERCIAL: Commercial employees are identified by a C in the Peer Group column You should be prepared to represent these employees at the July 9 Commercial PRC meeting   COMMERCIAL SUPPORT:  Commercial Support employees are identified by a CS in the Peer Group column Non-exempt employees (Clerks/Administrative Assistants/Coordinators) will not participate in a PRC meeting. Your ranking on the spreadsheet 1-3 (see attached rating descriptors under Job  Group Participation) will be the final ranking for these employees   Note: If your employees used the PEP system to do a self-evaluation, it is important that you review the accomplishments section of the self-eval prior to attending a PRC meeting. This information will be available to display on the screen during the meeting. If you have any questions, call me at 5-3847. Please send the completed spreadsheet to me no later than MONDAY, JUNE 11.   <Sep> Subject :  Important PRC info-Read and Respond by Monday, June 11 
Email : Over the last several months, the CommodityLogic team has designed, built, and beta-tested a number of "modules" to create EnronOnline-type capabilities for the mid and back-office. By combining these web-based solutions with the back-office commercialization effort, Enron can now offer its clients a complete suite of operational services unique in the industry. Many of you have also created important pieces in this puzzle, and all of you have valuable client relationships. We'd like to put all of these elements together. Please join our team for a demonstration of the CommodityLogic modules and a discussion on strategy next Thursday, June 14, 2:30 to 3:30, 49C1. If I have excluded anyone from the invitation list that you feel should attend, please let me know. Looking forward to seeing you next week. All the best,   <Sep> Subject :  CommodityLogic, Back-Office Commercialization and You 
Email : Hunter,  I will be out of the office on Monday and Tuesday meeting with the EIA in Washington D.C. so I will miss the Tuesday afternoon Trading Track meeting. I think Biliana should spend a few more months in the fundamentals group since she has only been here since mid-February. She has also expressed an interest in spending 2-3 months more in the group, and she could benefit from learning about the pipelines in the STP group. We lose Virawan (Aug 1st), Mat (Aug 1st), and Denver (Sep 1st). We get Bilal Bajwa (Jul 1st) and Jason Wolfe (Sep 1st)  We could use two additional Trading Track Analysts/Associates in Jul/Aug to fill out the fundamentals group. If we don't get the people from the Trading Track, I will have to recruit them from the Assoc/Analyst pool. Let me know if you have any questions. Chris   <Sep> Subject :  Trading Track meeting on Tuesday 
Email : Hunter... I spoke with Louise on executing MGU. She wants us all to sign the dash that I provided you yesterday and then I can sign the contract. Of course the conversation went to value and I described the arrangement as such 1) Original mark to Russell of $2 MM - I described that the value would either a) fall out of the structure or b) you and I would determine another manner and 2) trading and origination would share the go forward value in the transaction as 60/40 unless you were required to create $2MM and then you would be covered on the monthly cost annuity first and then a sharing of 60% to you 40% to origination. I emphasized the exercise of tracking this transaction against structure to determine the merits of our current analysis/internal process. Attached is the dash for you to review and then call me with 1) your changes or 2) your approval. Thanx,   <Sep> Subject :  MGU 
Email : New e-platform opens market to producers E nergyGateway.com yesterday unveiled a new marketing platform that will allo= w=20 gas pro-ducers to conduct online transactions under variable levels of service. The move opens the door for small- and medium-sized producers to enter the= =20 online mar-ketplace, EnergyGateway.com said. Its new electronic venture lets the producer choose= =20 its level =01* including swing, interruptible and firm service =01* when the of= fer is=20 made. This enables buyers and sellers to transact for any term, raising the platform=01,s func= tion=20 above that of a simple day-trading tool, according to EnergyGateway.com. =01&Wholesale trading platforms have ignored the highly customized needs of= =20 producers and consumers. All market participants value liquidity, competitive-based=20 processes and access to strategic information, not just trading companies,=018 EnergyGateway.com CE= O=20 Mark Jergens said. =01&Wholesale trading platforms essentially prohibit the sale of natu= ral=20 gas in the actual way it is produced, flowed and transacted.=018 By allowing more producers to compete online, EnergyGateway.com sees its=20 program as creating savings. =01&To create an optimum portal for buyers and sellers, w= e=20 must have direct contact with the producer community,=018 Jergens explained. =01&By implemen= ting=20 this program, we can provide a service to producers in any region of the country that wan= t=20 to participate in e-commerce opportunities but cannot due to barrier of entry established by wholesalers= .=018 Columbus, Ohio-based EnergyGateway.com is an independent builder of=20 e-communities, offering transaction services and strategic market information for large=20 natural gas and electric suppliers and consumers. The company also plans to offer small business and= =20 residential custom-ers a nationwide preferred provider network of natural gas and electric supplie= rs=20 in 2001. VM   <Sep> Subject :  FYI - Gas Daily Today 
Email : Gani,  My name is Hunter Shively. I work for Enron. I would like to arrange a  phone interview with you. Please call me at 713-853-4772 or e-mail  hunter.s.shively@enron.com   Please leave a message that states your phone  number and the best time to contact you. If you are no longer interested  please let me know. Thank You,   <Sep> Subject :  Enron 
Email : CERA is publishing some reports on their website that we should pay for and  post on our website. Enron may already have an account. Here is an example  that I scanned   <Sep> Subject :  Resumes 
Email : I have attached the review. Please let me know if this is the format that I  should submit to Kim. If so, should I forward it to Kim or do you want to  give it to her and explain the situation. Thanks   <Sep> Subject :  Theresa review 
Email : Paul,  If you are coming to Houston for bidweek would you give my group a quick  presentation on future rockies expansions? Please let me know and I will set  up a conference room if you can do it. Thanks   <Sep> Subject :  Rockies Expansion 
Email : Technical issues  1) When some of the members of the chat room begin to talk, their microphone  volume starts to trail off. 2) Many of the users use the ctrl button in their daily activities. The talk  button needs to be changed to an F# key. 3) We have trouble with latency. Please contract Brent Tiner to help with these issues. Thank You   <Sep> Subject :  technical issues 
Email : Tim  I thought I would give you a simple overview of the gas market. This may  help you prepare for Thursday. Everyday roughly 55 Billion Cubic Feet of gas is produced. The bulk of this  production is in Texas, Louisiana, and Oklahoma. In the winter, the US daily  load is greater than 55 BCF and in the summer, the daily US load is less than  55 BCF. Therefore, storage fields are needed to smooth out the seasonal  differences in load. Texas and Louisiana are two of the largest consumers of natural gas. However  these states produce more gas than they consume. Most other states consume  more gas than they produce. Therefore pipelines were built to solve the  regional imbalances. Most of these pipelines originate out of LA and TX and  move gas to the areas of greatest demand. Our goal is to gain a handle on where the daily production is moving and if  the daily production is growing or shrinking. Very simplistic, but maybe it helps. Hunter   <Sep> Subject :  Gas Market 
Email : Brad  Today (06-15-2000) I reiterated to Theresa on a recorded telephone that she  must be profitable in the second half of the year. I believe that my exact  statement was "If you are not profitable the next months we are going to have  another talk". After thinking about it afterwards, this statement is  probably too vague. Do I need to clarify this statement? Should I define  the exact amount of profit? Should I explicitly say that I will ask her to  leave the group? Your help would be appreciated. Hunter   <Sep> Subject :  Theresa 
Email : Any more documentation on this deal? Midwestern Gas Transmission 5/18/00 - Midwestern filed notice of a negotiated rate deal with Dynegy. It  provides for a monthly reservation charge of $.025/dth and a tiered indexed  commodity rate based on spreads. If the index spread is less than or equal  to $.02, then the daily commodity rate shall be $.01. If the index spread is  greater than $.02 but less than $.10, then the rate shall be 50% of the  spread. If the index spread is greater than $.10, then the rate shall be  $.05 plus 75% of the spread exceeding $.10. The deal is effective 5/1/00  through 10/31/00.   <Sep> Subject :  Midwestern 
Email : Laura  Dave Forster from Eol may be calling you. I am trying to get the Hub online  and I am having trouble because Enron does not own more than 50% of the  Midwest Hub. An EOL lawyer may have found a solution. I have asked Dave to  call you. I wanted to give you a heads up. Thanks   <Sep> Subject :  EOL 
Email : Trunkline LNG Company 5/18/00 - Trunkline filed for approval of a new rate schedule (LLS) for LNG= =20 Lending Service. It is patterned on PALS services=01*short term loans, wit= h=20 repayment within 31 days. any opportunities for us? Hunter   <Sep> Subject :  LNG 
Email : John  The questions that Gas Daily is receiving most likely pertain to the issue  that Nicor was closed on Friday but the weekend index published substantially  different from the Thursday index. We did not transact at Nicor City Gate on  Friday and did not submit a change in trades to Gas Daily. I will discuss  this with you tomorrow.   <Sep> Subject :  Chicago Midpoint pricing for December 21, 22, and 23, 2000 
Email : Houston Angel Network members: HTC is pleased to present SnapStream Media to the Houston Angel Network. For additional information, please contact Rakesh Agrawal, CEO, Co-founder of SnapStream Media. In addition, I have attached the summary as a Word document for those of you who have requested it. As always, your feedback is greatly appreciated. Best regards,   <Sep> Subject :  HAN Opportunity-SnapStream Media: 
Email : Bros,    This was sent to me by my daughter-in-law-to-be. Tell me the dancing one doesn't bring back memories of early 70's Beta parties. Yours in -kai-,   <Sep> Subject :  [smu-betas] Fwd: This is one of the funniest things I've ever  seen... 
Email : Just wanted to let you guys know that Geoff unsubscribed from our Betas yahoogroup today. He did not re-subscribe with another email address. I'm only speculating now, but his email address was with TWA and we know that TWA was acquired by American Airlines, and the airlines are a mess right now. So, if you know of any other contact addresses with Geoff, get in touch with him and let us know how we can keep him in the loop. Geoff spent many years in the USAF, so hopefully he's not heading into some covert operation in Afghanistan. stay in touch with the brothers.   <Sep> Subject :  [smu-betas] keep on the lookout for Geoff Anderson 
Email : Both of you met Gary Remy, the new CEO of Datacentric Broadband, at yesterday's YPO meeting. Datacentric Broadband is a woman owned company that we invested in last year which is developing a last mile solution for wireless broadband access in smaller cities throughout the U.S. They have done previous work for EBS including providing a link from the Doubletree Hotel to the network for one of EBS' employee meetings. After yesterday's YPO affair they had another meeting with EBS and McCloud Cellular discussing further business relationships. We believe that Datacentric Broadband offers a solution that is very valuable in today's marketplace. Any relationship that can be developed with EBS would enhance the prospects for more rapid development of the Datacentric business plan and I assume would be very beneficial to the success of EBS. Let me know if we can do anything to move the relationship along if you agree that it is important to do so. Thanks for visiting with Gary and doing anything you can to help develop a stronger tie between Datacentric and Enron..  Gene   <Sep> Subject :  Datacentric Broadband 
Email : The migration of UNIX home directories and applications (Solar) scheduled for this weekend has been moved to the weekend of October 13 and 14, 2001. Further information as to times and problem escalation procedures will be posted early next week. Bob Ambrocik Enterprise Storage Team EB 3429F x5-4577 bob.ambrocik@enron.com   <Sep> Subject :  Solar Migration - DATE CHANGE - VERY IMPORTANT 
Email : In order to bring better legal coordination and standardization to Enron's Risk Assessment and Control (RAC) group, we have formed a new legal group, which will initially include Lisa Mellencamp (Finance), Marcus Nettelton (Power Trading), Carol St. Clair (Broadband/Power Trading), Mary Cook (Financial Swaps), Peter Keohane (Canada), Ed Essandoh (Retail), Paul Darmitzel (Retail) and Elizabeth Sager (Power Trading) (Team Leader). This group will focus on, among other things, managing Enron's exposures with bankrupt counterparties, working out credit solutions with distressed counterparties and standardizing our overall credit practices. The initial members in this group have been drawn from Enron's numerous legal groups in order to gain a broader perspective. Each of these members will provide support to this new group in addition to their current responsibilities. Within RAC, Michael Tribolet will focus on distressed counterparties, in conjunction with Bill Bradford, who continues to manage the Credit Risk Management group. Please join us in supporting the efforts of this new group.   <Sep> Subject :  New Legal Team to Assist RAC 
Email : During the weekend of October 6 and 7, 2001 the Enterprise Storage Team will be migrating all production users off the current hardware (Solar) that houses their home and application directories (no production databases are affected, but client software will be) to new hardware. This migration requires a total system outage of approximately 6 hours. The outage will occur Saturday night - beginning at 7:00 PM and will last until Sunday morning at 1:00 AM. All users will need to be logged off during this time period. In order to validate the migration, production users need to test access to their home directories and applications on Sunday, October 7, 2001. If you do you experience any difficulties after the migration with access to home directories or applications, please call the resolution center at 713 853-1411. The resolution center will notify the appropriate resources. The following attachment is a list of the mount points affected. Bob Ambrocik Enterprise Storage Team EB 3429F x5-4577 bob.ambrocik@enron.com   <Sep> Subject :  Solar Migration - Third Notice - Time Change!!!!! 
Email : Jeff,  Contract management has become a big issue in most Fortune 1000 companies because of the risk to market capitalization that obligations in corporate contracts pose. I think that Enron executives would be very interested in the articles hot linked below. I would be glad to spend time with your organization to investigate the impact of enabling contract management best practices at Enron. diCarta provides the first web-based contract and revenue management solution that enables businesses to negotiate, track, manage, and renew contracts via the Internet. We have had tremendous success in helping companies like Kraft, BEA Systems, Intuit, Agile, Ernst&Young, Deloitte Consulting and many others gain visibility into their contracting and revenue management processes while  mitigating financial and legal risks. Below is the diCarta solution overview then links to recent articles including our partnerships with Arthur Andersen and Deloitte. diCarta's Focus:  diCarta Contracts automates your entire contract lifecycle including negotiations, execution, revenue management, maintenance, and renewals on both the sell-side and buy-side. Your complete contract information will now be in one central location, on-line, for down-stream revenue, obligation, and renewals management. This is enabled by a direct link of the unstructured data in the contract to structured data, which allows you to take automatic actions based on the actual contract Ts&Cs. To maximize communication and efficiency, diCarta Contracts was specifically designed to be a collaborative application using role-based security. E-signatures are supported as well. Negotiation:  You can negotiate contract Ts&Cs on-line with an internal approval workflow to manage risk. Not only will you shorten your quote-to-cash cycle, but reduce your legal and financial risk by having on-line visibility into what Ts&Cs you are approving before the contract is executed. Revenue Management:  On the sell-side, you will have a framework for revenue recognition per the FASB and SEC guidelines that is driven directly from the contract Ts&Cs. Now you can manage your revenue recognition risk, significantly reduce labor, and avoid possible non-compliance. This is extremely important as companies struggle with adherence to SAB 101. On the buy-side, you can proactively track expenditures.   <Sep> Subject :  SAB101/Contract Mgmt. Best Practices 
Email : Brother Betas, It sounds as if I will be a fresh fish in your established group. I graduated from SMU in December of 2000 and am currently working in Houston. I am originally from Houston as I am sure at least a couple of you are as well. During my tenure at SMU I served as Treasurer of the Gamma Omega chapter my sophomore year and then went on to serve as Treasurer and Secretary of the Interfraternity Council through my junior and senior years. I now look back on my days as a Beta and wonder what I was thinking when I decided to graduate. The friendships I made and times I enjoyed will stay with me through my life. I am also one of the two co-organizers of what I would like to see become an annual Beta tradition, the Distinguished Beta Award. An event held to honor one of our brothers who have distinguished themselves as exemplary and provide a setting to rekindle old friendships as well as have a great time. As I am sure some of you were part of the list of people I called last month to inform you that the event had been postponed until this upcoming spring, which has proved to be a blessing in light of the tragic events that occurred Sept. 11, I would hope that this website may become a forum to both share ideas on the future of the event and information in regards to the event.   <Sep> Subject :  [smu-betas] RE: new members (Justin Loweth) 
Email : Please respond to            April 25, 2001       Dear Jeff,   Thank you for setting aside time to meet with me. I have attached my resume to help bring you up to date on my career. As you will see, I have been providing advisory services since 1995. During these years, I have done some of my best work. I am proud of the service that I have rendered as an independent consultant. Now, I feel it is time to move to a new chapter in my career. I look forward to sitting down with you to think through ways to apply my experience, intellect and energies to new professional challenges. I respect you tremendously, and wherever the next part of my career may lie, I know that my search and choice will benefit significantly from your perspective. Finally, I am attaching the recommendation to HBS that you wrote in 1981. I found it during a profoundly challenging period in my life. Your historic words of support helped me keep fighting and successfully moving forward. If you would like to reach me before our meeting, please call (213) 926-2626 or email kevinscott@onlinemailbox.net . Thank you again.   <Sep> Subject :  Information for Jeff Skilling from Kevin Scott 
Email : INCREDIBLY LOW TRAVEL COST TO CALGARY  ZIFF ENERGY GROUP PRESENTS THE  NORTH AMERICAN GAS STRATEGIES CONFERENCE  Join Ziff Energy Group in Calgary from November 5 - 7  for the North American Gas Strategies Conference, and  receive Airfares as low as US$403   Don't miss North America's top-rated gas conference  featuring an incredible roster of speakers from the upstream  and downstream sectors, covering the current "hot topics." HEAR ABOUT:  the near term impact of current low gas prices on drilling activity and gas supply  the new U.S. energy policy and its potential impact, from top-level government official Vicky A. Bailey the Alaskan pipeline project - will there be a pipeline in the near future? What will be the impact be on Canadian & U.S. gas prices if there isn't? The outlook for gas prices, and perspectives from senior executives of leading Canadian & US gas-oriented companies in an Executive Roundtable session that provides in-depth discussion on shallow gas, prospects in deeper zones, unconventional opportunities including coalbed methane, impending discoveries,   technological breakthroughs, and economics. TAKE ADVANTAGE OF NEW REDUCED AIRFARES FROM THE U.S. TO CALGARY - Airfares available for as little as US$403 from Farebuster Travel by calling Dave or Lisa at (403) 238-0777 or 1-877-671-1011  Calgary's new top hotel (Hyatt Regency) is offering a special rate of US$100 for Ziff Energy conference registrants. Call (403) 717-1234.   <Sep> Subject :  North American Gas Strategies Conference - REDUCED AIRFARE TO CAL  GARY 
Email : During the weekend of October 6 and 7, 2001 the Enterprise Storage Team will be migrating all production users off the current hardware (Solar) that houses their home and application directories (no production databases are effected) to new hardware. This migration requires a total system outage of approximately 4 hours. The outage will occur Friday night - Saturday morning between the hours of Midnight to 4:00 AM. All users will need to be logged off during this time period. If this is not possible, contact Adam DeRidder (x3-1428) or Carlos Uribe (x5-8179) as soon as possible. In order to validate the migration, production users need to test access to their home directories and applications on Saturday, October 7 and Sunday, October 8, 2001. As part of the migration plan, the Storage Team needs volunteers from the production community to test the new environment. The test will only require approximately 15-30 minutes to complete. Adam DeRidder and Carlos Uribe have setup a test lab on the 34th floor for this purpose. Contact Adam to setup a time. Your involvement will help make this a successful migration. A list of contacts will be made available on Thursday, October 5, 2001. Please use this list to report issues and check the status of the migration. Bob Ambrocik Enterprise Storage Team EB 3429F x5-4577 bob.ambrocik@enron.com   <Sep> Subject :  Solar Migration - Second Notice 
Email : Good Tuesday Morning - Comments From The Local Guys! The Federal Reserve has just cut interest rates by 50 basis points. This was pretty much expected. In the statement, the Fed. members indicated that the "terrorist attacks have significantly heightened uncertainty in an economy that was already weak. Business and household spending as a consequence are being further damped. Nonetheless, the long-term prospects for productivity growth and the economy remain favorable and should become evident once the unusual forces restraining demand abate". The 30 -year bond yield is 5.32%.   <Sep> Subject :  The Morning Market Call - Tuesday October 2nd, 2001. 
Email : There is still time to make your reservation to the attend the October 8 HBS luncheon. Reply now! Who is going to be the next mayor of Houston? How does local government contribute to the fostering and enhancement of key factors that contribute to Houston's economic vitality and quality of life? Who's the right person to lead and direct the government for the next two years? Houston residents will be pondering these and other related issues when they vote this November for the next mayor. Join the HBS Club on October 8th as the mayoral candidates share their views on the future of Houston. Houston is facing major issues and each candidate will present his thoughts on what needs to be done to continue Houston's growth as a premier city. Following a fifteen-minute presentation by each candidate there will be a short question and answer period. SPEAKER:    Mayor Lee Brown, Council Members Chris Bell and Orlando Sanchez   <Sep> Subject :  HBS October 8 - REMINDER 
Email : The following meeting announcement may be of interest to members of ACG members. If you would like to attend, please reply to Dottie Kerr as soon as possible. Stuart Tillman, president ACG Houston Chapter  Who is going to be the next mayor of Houston? How does local government contribute to the fostering and enhancement of key factors that contribute to Houston's economic vitality and quality of life? Who's the right person to lead and direct the government for the next two years? Houston residents will be pondering these and other related issues when they vote this November for the next mayor. Join the HBS Club on October 8th as the mayoral candidates share their views on the future of Houston. Houston is facing major issues and each candidate will present his thoughts on what needs to be done to continue Houston's growth as a premier city. Following a fifteen-minute presentation by each candidate there will be a short question and answer period. SPEAKER:    Mayor Lee Brown, Council Members Chris Bell and Orlando Sanchez   <Sep> Subject :  ACG Invitation to HBS October 8 - Mayoral Candidate Panel  Luncheon 
Email : Gamma Omega Beta Bros.,  Greetings from colorful Vermont. Recently, E.Wooglin.Com has approved 2 requests to be a member of our SMU Beta Group:                                                  Justin Loweth                                                 A. Carty  I am not familiar with either of these fellows as is the case, I'm sure, with many of our members. Under the circumstances I thought that it would be appropriate to ask each of you guys (y'all...if you prefer) to reply to this message with a message of your own. We want to know  who the hell you are. Please include an introduction and any other appropriate information that will get us better acquainted. For your information:  We are Gamma Omega Betas. Most of the members were in the class of '75. There are also members from earlier and later classes ('72 thru '78). This e-mail group was established to facilitate continued contact among old friends, providing a forum for organizing reunions, other get togethers and sharing important "family" information. Everyone seems to be able to accomplish these tasks with a great deal of humor and foolishness. We look forward to becoming acquainted...and hopefully entertained in the process.   <Sep> Subject :  [smu-betas] new members 
Email : Good Monday Morning - Comments From The Local Guys! The Federal Reserve meets again tomorrow. The wide consensus is that they will lower short-term interest rates again by 50 basis points. At this stage, the markets have factored in a virtual halt in the economy and consumer spending. There is no good news that anyone is anticipating. Often, the consensus is wrong. In fact, it seems that the low in consumer sentiment has coincided with major lows in the market. Over the last 15 months, inventory levels have declined significantly. There has also been a great deal of fiscal and monetary stimulation. The dollar is strong. The markets may react more positively to any unexpected good news than anyone anticipates. The 30 -year bond yield is 5.37%.   <Sep> Subject :  The Morning Market Call - Monday October 1st, 2001. 
Email : =20 =09Join some of the 40,000+ PowerMarketers.com readers at the Power    Mark= eting Association's Annual Washington DC Meeting:    Energy Policy and Its = Impact on Energy Markets   October 16-17, 2001   Washington, D.C. =09 =09POWER MARKETS 2002: Energy Policy Conference & Exhibition =09 =09TWO Keynote Addresses:      Day One: Honorable J. Bennett Johnston,     = Former Chairman of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee:    EN= ERGY AND TELECOM CONVERGENCE      Day Two:  Commissioner William Massey, FE= RC:   THE UPCOMING AGENDA AT THE FERC    Register by October 5 and receive = the Power Marketing Association    Member's Rate. Save up to $245 over reg= ular nonmember rates! Click Here to Download brochure! http= ://www.pmaconference.com/fall2001/0110RT.pdf   =09 =09AGENDA=09 =09DAY 2:  Wednesday, October 17, 2001 8:30 a.m. CREDIT RISK AND ITS MANAGE= MENT - (Special early morning session) Scott Ettien, Vice President and Tim=  Moore, Senior Underwriter, NCM Americas. Price differentials aren't always=  about time and location-- sometimes they are about the likelihood of being=   <Sep> Subject :  Energy Policy and Its Impact on Energy Markets 
Email : Attached is a the agenda, minutes of previous meeting  and the "new and Improved" gift acceptance policy. Please let me know  if you are unable to attned the meeting. Thanks, Bob   <Sep> Subject :  Oct. 3rd meeting 
Email : Dear Jeff,  Been a while. Hope you are yours are doing OK after the tragedies in NY and DC. Unfortunately, I lost a friend who was working at WTC. Been a bit hard to get back to the normal aspects of life. Will update you on some of the more relatively mundane but exciting developments on my end soon. Currently just starting discussions for a potential CEO role at an enterprise software company. Hope things go well for you. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  You OK? 
Email : My apologies to all. Earlier today you received an email  with the HAN Angel application attached, instead of the company  application. Therefore, I have attached the correct file. Sorry for any confusion. Please call me at (713)  533-9986 if you have any questions. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  HAN Company Application 
Email : Shacklepuss,      Yet another EWooglin.com recruit!! I don't even remember how I signed up on this deal, much less how to tell Joe Parks. Can you email him please and give him the instructions? Thanks Shack.   <Sep> Subject :  [smu-betas] Fwd: 
Email : Hey  All:  hope this finds you doing well  and getting ready for cooler weather. A Closer Look is entering it's 8th year, but the  real purpose  of this e-mail is to announce the launch of our new sister website,  WiseShops. This is an  e-commerce site where a business owner can order a professional mystery shop  on-line. After the order is placed  on-line at our secure website, it is then filled with one of our qualified  shoppers. I value your opinion and would really appreciate it if you would do  two things:   Access  the website, www.WiseShops.com   and let me know what you think about  the site and the concept. Any and  all feedback would be helpful. Forward  this e-mail and the site to anyone who you think might benefit from  professional feedback for his/her company. If they do not own a restaurant,  hotel, or retail establishment, we will be adding a number of other types of  businesses in the very near future. Looking  forward to hearing from you and thanks for your  help,   Chuck   <Sep> Subject :  New Website 
Email : Good Friday Morning - Comments From The Local Guys! We read a great quote today. It was published by a technical newsletter which we are privileged to receive. "When people are emotional, it is difficult to envision a market environment that is opposite of what is making them so emotional in the first place" - Unknown..  We believe the market is in the early stages of repair. While we may have a rally over the next few weeks, we are on the lookout for a successful retest of the mid-September lows. If this were to occur, we would expect to see this coincide with positive technical market readings. What to do in the mean time?. This is the time to upgrade portfolios in anticipation of a longer term recovery. The 30 -year bond yield is 5.50%.   <Sep> Subject :  The Morning Market Call - Friday Sept 28th, 2001. 
Email : Ken/Jeff:  As part of the Culture Committee discussions, "Leadership" has been identified as an area of concern at Enron. There are of course many definitions of leadership and, as such, we would like to define leadership as it applies to Enron's culture and business objectives. As a result, we think it is important to meet with each of you to discuss your views of how "leadership at Enron" should be defined. We believe the best way to achieve this end is to discuss with each of you:  1. The criteria you used to choose Enron's current business leaders. 2. The attributes you believe Enron's leaders should possess. 3. Whether or not and to what extent you believe leadership impacts the bottom line at Enron? We would prefer to have this discussion with both of you together. But that may be an impossible task. I will speak with each of your assistants to arrange a convenient time to discuss these issues. Thanks   <Sep> Subject :  Leadership Subcommittee of Culture Committee 
Email : HEY TEAM - CONGRATULATIONS !!! TEAM ENRON, the growing wonder of the cycling world, has done it again!! We successfully completed another MS150. The great weather, fabulous volunteer support, and team camaraderie made it the best ever. I can still see those Enron jerseys whizzing by,  and it seems there was always an Enron jersey in sight both days. The advantage for me in starting first is that within a couple of hours, I get to see all 9,000 riders as they pass by, and no matter how many years I've done this, it's still a thrill to be part of such an awesome event. Thanks to Jeff Skilling, CEO of Enron Corp., for setting such a fine example for the team by riding all the way to Austin. He is now a veteran of the 1998, 1999, 2000 and 2001 Tours. He looked really good on his new bike, wearing the infamous #1 on his helmet....and he beat his own best time into Austin with a12:00p arrival! Other notable performances:  Mark Muller & Dan Leff (In memory of Mark Muller's father whose birthday was April 21) straight through from Houston to Austin, arriving 3:15p on Saturday (not that I would take their word for this remarkable feat, but I have an eye-witness)  Top Times Into LaGrange:  Charles De Lacey Pete Link Mike Bradley  Chuck Howell  John Fairchild Kelly Strader  Debra Weir  Frank Karbarz  Steve Shannon  Peter Bennett  Michael L. Grant Michael Napper  11:15 11:37 11:40 11:40 11:53 12:32 12:42 12:50 12:51 12:58 12:59 12:59    Top Times Into Austin:  Pete Link John Fairchild Peter Bennett Frank Karbarz Kellie Metcalf Kris Saadeh Daryl Dornhoefer Michael Napper Corby Clark Charles DeLacey Jeanne Anne Klein Jay Hachen Kelly Strader Nick Rahn Joe Schumacher Eric Sullivan Stacey Tovino 10:31 10:35 10:40 10:45 10:58 11:02 11:05 11:05 11:10 11:15 11:20 11:25 11:25 11:25 11:25 11:25 11:25    Thanks to all our support who made this possible - Co-Captains Stephanie Strong and Becky Pham, Bike Officers Kelly Strader,  Charla Reese, Patrick Scales, Stephanie Baker, and Dan Lyons,Team Consultant.   <Sep> Subject :  WE DID IT AGAIN! 
Email : The reservation deadline for the October 6 boat cruise has been extended. There is still time and space available so you won't miss any of the fun! Complete the information below to make your reservation today. The HBS Club is sponsoring an event on the Star Cruiser, a 90 foot luxury entertainment yacht. Bring your spouse or a guest and enjoy an evening out with dinner and music and see the sunset and the lights of Kemah!   <Sep> Subject :  HBS Boat Cruise - REMINDER! 
Email : Attn. : Mr. Jeffrey K. Skilling, Chief Executive of Enron Corporation  Below you will find the EXECUTIVE BRIEF for the referenced project for your perusal. Attached to this email you'll find the following MS Word files: 1. "OES Mgmt Bios" 2. "OES Exec Brief " containing Proforma & Use of funds information. Please indicate interest via fax and email furthermore, the following confidential information from the Directors/Promoters are available, upon request, for your perusal: ? Detail Business Plan.   <Sep> Subject :  OCTANE ENHANCEMENT SYSTEMS, USA 
Email : Dear WTN Members, WTN Associates, and other WTN friends,  On behalf of the membership of the World Technology Network, I wish to express deep, deep condolences to the family, friends, and colleagues of one of our members, Daniel C. Lewin, aged 31, who perished on 11 September on American Airlines Flight 11 as it was deliberately crashed into the World Trade Center in New York. Over a year ago, Danny (along with, Tom Leighton, his fellow co-founder of Akamai Technologies) was inducted into the WTN membership as a co-Finalist for the World Technology Award for Commerce. All those who are even nominated for a World Technology Award, such as yourself, are singled out for doing work of "the greatest likely long-term significance." It is, therefore, even more tragic and non-sensical that a person such as Danny, who so purposefully engaged in a process of hopeful and innovative creativity, should be a victim of an act of such purposeful negation of innocent life. We mourn all of the victims of the constellation of tragedies that occurred on September 11th and, in particular, we re-salute you, Mr. Lewin. The world will miss you. Your life was clearly already marking the future. I suspect somehow it now shall do so even more. Onward,  James P. Clark Chairman The World Technology Network   <Sep> Subject :  Mourning the sudden, tragic death of WTN member, Danny Lewin... 
Email : Good Wednesday Morning - Comments From The Local Guys! As can be seen below, Lehman is adjusting the earnings estimates for the S&P 500 in the wake of events on September 11th. See below. The 30 -year bond yield is 5.50%.   <Sep> Subject :  The Morning Market Call - Wednesday September 26th, 2001. 
Email : Dear Jeff,  This will introduce an outstanding Information Security Executive who is available in the near term through the CIO Club. Executive Summary: 15 years of management experience in the planning, design, development, and implementation  of information security policies, controls, services and  systems. Most recently VP Information Security for the World's Largest Bank Group  with responsibility for North and South America. Prior information security management experience with Insurance, Telecommunications and Health Care Companies. MA in Finance, BA in Mathematics  Experience Detail World's Largest Bank -06/98   <Sep> Subject :  Information Security Executive                                   -092501 
Email : Jeff and Christie:  It was a pleasure having you here on campus. Let me add my thanks to those of the Entrepreneurial Manager faculty who actually taught the case. I think your presence added enormously to the success of the maiden voyage of this case. As I indicated to you, I want to make the case even stronger by incorporating any additional data or suggestions that you may have after seeing it taught. Jeff, you indicated you had a couple of quick corrections, and I'd appreciate receiving those. Also if you have any thoughts about how we might enrich the case, those would be welcome too. Christie, as indicated in our discussions, I think some sense of the economics of Enron Online would be enormously helpful. Even if we have to use disguised data, can we break out the sales and profitability of the trading operations before the launch of Enron Online. With some indication of what the new Internet-based model will do to margins, students can do some simple calculations of the volume necessary to compensate, and therefore have some idea of the enormously ambitious (and significantly risky) venture that this turned out to be. I will gladly talk further about this with you directly or with whomever you want to put me in touch with. Let me emphasize that the data do not have to be actual data--we can   <Sep> Subject :  Your campus visit 
Email : What is going to happen in the Middle East? Don't miss this exciting event, join the HBS Club today! We have many events planned that address both local and national concerns and also give you the chance to meet other Houston area alumni. The deadline is approaching for the luncheon with Ambassador Edward Djerejian, the founding director of the James A. Baker III Institute for Public Policy at Rice University. The Middle East has taken on an even greater importance in recent days and Ambassador Djerejian is a renowned expert and speaker on this area of the world. SPEAKER:    Ambassador Edward Djerejian, Director of James A. Baker III                      Public Policy Institute at Rice University   <Sep> Subject :  HBS October 2 Lunch - REMINDER 
Email : Good Tuesday Morning - Comments From The Local Guys! If the market has indeed put in a bottom over the last few days, be prepared for us to 'retest' the lows. A successful test, is what is needed, followed by a meaningful rally! The market has already factored in most of the bad news from corporate America. We may also see individual stocks rise after releasing bad news. This would also prove to be very meaningful. Look to use this period to upgrade portfolios. The 30 -year bond yield is 5.57%.   <Sep> Subject :  The Morning Market Call - Tuesday September 25th, 2001. 
Email : Ziff Energy Group presents  eSolutions: Next Generation Concepts  for the E&P Sector  November 7, 2001 Calgary, Alberta  Conference co-sponsored by global leaders in e-business solutions:  SAP Canada, Schlumberger Oil & Gas Information Solutions, IBM Canada  How would you like to harness the power of "e" to improve your E&P company's bottom line? You can. Attend our eSolutions conference and learn how you can improve your E&P business significantly by leveraging e-technology for operational and financial results. Recognized eSolutions experts will focus on the three key ways in which you can do that:  1. PROCESS  You know how important efficient processes are to the competitiveness of your business. Nothing helps your people identify and improve internal processes better than e-technology -- from enterprise and e-procurement solutions to collaborative tools and geotechnical systems. eManaged processes are essential for advancement in the new economy. Find out how to do it better, faster and more economically.   <Sep> Subject :  eSolutions - Next Generation Concepts -  Ziff Energy Group 
Email : Dear HBS Alumni: Who is going to be the next mayor of Houston? How does local government contribute to the fostering and enhancement of key factors that contribute to Houston's economic vitality and quality of life? Who's the right person to lead and direct the government for the next two years? Houston residents will be pondering these and other related issues when they vote this November for the next mayor. Join the HBS Club on October 8th as the mayoral candidates share their views on the future of Houston. Houston is facing major issues and each candidate will present his thoughts on what needs to be done to continue Houston's growth as a premier city. Following a fifteen-minute presentation by each candidate there will be a short question and answer period. SPEAKER:    Mayor Lee Brown, Council Members Chris Bell and Orlando Sanchez   <Sep> Subject :  HBS October 8 - Mayoral Candidate Panel Luncheon 
Email : Jeff:  If you are in town this week, the weather should be great for golf. Let me know if you are available and we can go hit the ball. Best regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Golf 
Email : Good Monday Morning! Abbreviated Edition. IMPACT CALLS  Internet Security Israel Hernandez Company Updates/Rating Changes q Investment Conclusion: Below are specific company updates and our views on each company in our coverage universe. Reiterating our thoughts published on September 17, we believe last week's attacks are likely to cause numerous short-term disruptions that put the September quarter at risk for all the security software vendors, particularly those vulnerable to discretionary spending cuts or large deals. In light of recent events, we are adjusting our ratings on two companies. We are raising our rating on VeriSign from a 2-Buy to 1-Strong Buy based on good earnings visibility amid a generally uncertain outlook for most software vendors. We are also lowering our rating on Internet Security Systems from a 1-Strong Buy to 2-Buy to adjust for these uncertainties and lack of visibility. While valuations for many of the companies are starting to look interesting, as a whole, we remain somewhat cautious on the security software vendors given the uncertainties introduced into the market over the last two weeks which could lead to more downward revisions in the September and December quarters and spill over in the first quarter of 2002. Internet Secuirty Systems Israel Hernandez Downgrading from Strong Buy to Buy 2 - Buy / $13.00 (USD) q We are downgrading ISSX from a 1- Strong Buy to a 2-Buy rating to reflect the lack of near-term visibility, and changing economic backdrop that increases the likelihood of a potential shortfall to our Q3 forecast. q Given the events of the past two weeks, we believe ISS and other security software vendors may run into difficulty closing business in a back-end loaded September quarter. q We are lowering our price target from $35 to $20, or 4 x FY01 revenues of $223M, to reflect the increased economic uncertainty in the current environment. VeriSign Inc Israel Hernandez Upgrading to Strong Buy from Buy 1 - Strong Buy / $38.30 (USD) q Given VeriSign's strong revenue visibility in a period of global economic uncertainty, we are raising our rating from 2-Buy to 1-Strong Buy making it our top pick in the sector. q In light of the global slowdown, we believe VeriSign provides investors with exceptional earnings visibility given its services model and strong deferred revenue balance. This visibility should enable VeriSign to sustain a premium valuation and outperform most technology stocks, even in a contracting environment. q We believe new value added services laid on top of a relatively fixed cost structure will provide significant margin expansion, currently at 14.6% and growing to the low thirties in the next 2 years. Oil & Gas: Exploration & Production Thomas R. Driscoll Some E&P Shares Now Appear Attractive q We are lowering our natural gas price forecasts as well as revising target prices and codes for the large-cap oil exploration and production companies we cover. We now believe that several companies we cover offer compelling values today. As a result we are upgrading our ratings on the shares of EOG Resources (EOG), Noble Affiliates (NBL) and Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) from 2-Buy to 1-Strong Buy. We are also downgrading our code on the shares of Devon Energy (DVN) from 2-Buy to 3-Outperfrom to reflect heightened concerns about the increased debt load that will result from recently announced acquisitions. We are also downgrading our codes on Vintage Petroleum (VPI) from 1-Strong Buy to 2-Buy. AOL Time Warner Holly Becker Fund. Remain Strong In Unstable Environm 2 - Buy / $29.25 (USD) q The economic and advertising slowdown has obviously been compounded by recent tragic events. AOL Time Warner remains the premier integrated media company with a uniquely valuable portfolio of assets. While near-term estimates may need to come down further, we view the stock's pullback as a compelling buying opportunity. q AOL Time Warner's core businesses offer investors superior earnings power and growth, while new cross-platform initiatives should propel the company's long-term growth rate to above industry norms. q Advertising represents only 25% of revenue, considerably lower than comparable companies including Viacom (45%) and Disney (30%). Gaming & Lodging Joyce Minor Rich Bottom Fishing, But Dangerous Water q The gaming and lodging sectors saw huge downside moves last week, with the large cap gaming stocks down an average of -33% and the lodging stocks down an average of   <Sep> Subject :  The Morning Market Call - Monday September 24th, 2001. 
Email : I visited with Joseph Kaye last evening. He is now in a private room, and is healing as fast as he can. He is able to sit up by himself, and can walk the hall with assistance. His remarkable recovery is,  no doubt,  due to his equally remarkable attitude. His left arm is in a cast, and he is in a lot of pain from the fractures to his face and the back of his skull. It's difficult for him to eat because of the discomfort remaining from the intubation which had kept him alive immediately following the accident. In spite of all the above, he looks toward his full recovery and wanted me to tell you that he knows he is alive because of your prayers. He was proudly wearing an MS150 "finish" pin on his hospital gown which Pat Bertotti took to him, and was thrilled with the  "finish" cap from Team Enron. When I asked what he'd like to tell the team, he asked me to send you his love and his appreciation for your prayers. He also asked that you always remember how precious life is, how precious our basic life functions are that we sometimes take for granted.....He shared with me that his Pedal Partner, Tim Hart, had come to visit him at the hospital to thank him for the effort he made to ride and raise money for MS.  Joseph knows that the pain and struggle he has now will be gone in time, but that his Pedal Partner has year after year to deal with the circumstances of managing his life with MS.  Joseph purchased, just before the tour, a great pair of sunglasses with prescription lenses. They were totaled in the crash, and I thought it would be a good idea for the team to replace those glasses for him. If you'd like to donate to this, please send your checks to me. It wouldn't take much from each rider, and what we have left, we can donate to MS in Joseph's honor, since I'm sure he'll not be in any shape to collect his pledges before deadline, and I know he is concerned about the pledges he had promised. He is very devoted to this cause. Make your checks payable to Enron Cycling Club and send to address below. (Please make sure if you are also sending a get-well card to Joseph to put your check in a separate envelope, as I do not open the correspondence you send to him.) All riders donating to the glasses will have their names included on the presentation. We have sent him a floral arrangmeent from the team for delivery today. He enjoyed the mail you have sent, and if you have any more cards and letters please send to:  Amelia Alder, Enron Corp., P.O. Box 1188, Suite 3AC3120, Houston, TX 77251-1188  If you'd like to email him, please send to me and I will print out and deliver.   <Sep> Subject :  GREETINGS FROM JOSEPH 
Email : eSource Presents Hoover's Training    Learn how Hoover's can help you do your job better and make your job easier with tips on: ? Using advanced search to find the very specific information you're looking for ? Researching the companies you've found using the entire Hoover's site ? Reading/Using in-depth and comparative financials   Attend one of our Hoover's training sessions:       Sept. 25  1:00 - 2:00 PM 3AC4C1 Sept. 25  2:15 - 3:15 PM 3AC4C1 Sept. 25  3:30 - 4:30 PM 3AC4C1  The cost is $25.00 per person. No-shows will be charged $50.00. Seats fill up fast! To reserve a seat, please call Stephanie E. Taylor at 5-7928.   <Sep> Subject :  Hoover's & MindBranch Training 
Email : Brothers,     Grumps ended up being treated for really nothing. Once they got a good look at the artery, they found it only to be 30% blocked (had been 100% blocked the surgery before) and there's really nothing to do with that small a blockage. So, it's really good news. Guess those echo cardiograms aren't always real accurate. It showed it blocked, causing the second procedure to be prescribed. All for naught, thank God. yours in -kai-,   <Sep> Subject :  [smu-betas] False alarm for Grumps 
Email : Good Friday Morning - Comments From The Local Guys! Over the years, we have tried to use this letter for purely business purposes and not to push any personal agenda. However, now is the time to make some personal comments. Everyday, we find it difficult to comprehend what we saw on that fateful Tuesday morning. The enormity of the what was done, with out regard to life. Nothing! Who could plan such a thing. Who would! It is hard, very hard,  to conceptualize what they did. What type of mind would think to do such a thing. And then have others who would agree that it was a good idea! What type of people. And the cheering! We think of our fellow Americans (and others) who perished. And the hero who gave their lives on the plane and on the ground. We think of the heroes who did not give their lives. We think of the friends that we never met! The friends that we now will never meet. How could humanity do what was done. We think of our business associate Ira Zaslow, who is missing. Our thoughts are with his family. We think of all those who lost their lives. We think of their families. Lives snuffed out by people consumed with hate. And not only lives lost last week. We think of the missing generations to come. Those generations that will never be! Oh, the waste - for what! Rally around America. Rally around Democracy. Rally around what is right! There is no equivocation about Right and Wrong! Life is sacred! Those who disregard life, are the ones who will be condemned for eternal damnation! There, it has been said. The following comment was written yesterday, but was never sent. The bottom line is go out, buy stocks and go out and buy in the shops and malls. And light a candle to never forget! "The market is very oversold. We are seeing many technical readings similar to those we saw at  the bottom of the markets in 1987, 1990, 1994 and 1998. These are very strong signs of market capitulation. For example the VIX (volatility) Index is at a peak that is normally seen at market bottoms. Short Interest is at record levels - a good sign. Money Market assets (the amount of cash on hand), is almost equal to 19% of the entire capitalization of the stock market - a very high degree of liquidity. The number of market advisors who are negative on the market, is now greater than the number who are positive on the market - a traditionally bullish signal. The PUT/CALL ratio has been very, very high all week - at turnaround numbers. The Fed. has reduced rates now 8 times and liquidity in the system is high. Inflation is low. Just when the market is NOT expected to rally, it will. That is the nature of a bottom. Let's hope that all these technical readings turn the market sooner rather than later. Now is the time." IMPACT CALLS  Natural Gas Peggy Connerty A Safe Harbor in a Storm We continue to believe the Master Limited Partnership sector will remain a safe harbor for investors as the economy teters on the brink of a recession. Given the possible recessionary environment, Monday's 50 basis point cut in the federal funds rate (now 3.0%), and the relatively few alternative investments available, we continue to be bullish on the MLP sector. MLP's in general are defensive in nature, provide income and have decent growth prospects. The cash distributions on most MLP's are protected with solid coverage ratios (with distributable cash averaging 115% of cash distribution). Therefore, we believe the MLP sector should hold up during this time of economic and political crisis. Please refer to our note titled "Weak Economy, Low Interest Rates Bode Well for MLP's" published September 11, 2001. PC Software - Microsoft  Michael Stanek Trimming Estimates to Match Reality  Trimming estimates to match reality  We are cutting our estimates for FY02 from of $28.8B to $27.7B in revs and EPS from $1.93 to $1.86. Microsoft has never been as well positioned as it is today. Overall we have made the majority of our cuts in the December and balance of the Q's in '02. The stock is down in the wake of sliding economic conditions, and exacerbated this recent tragedy. Imaging Technology - Eastman Kodak Caroline Sabbagha Tweaking Revised Estimates With a little more information and insight, we are tweaking our estimates for 2001 and 2002. For FY01, our estimate is now $2.60. For FY02, we are lowering our EPS estimate to $3.20. We maintain our 3 Market Perform rating. We think the issues at Kodak are more than just the economy. They include a technology transition and competitive pressures in its traditional businesses. We are also beginning to get concerned about cashflow and therefore expect the balance sheet to be weaker than had been anticipated. We think the stock should settle in the mid-$30s with the 5% dividend yield acting as a support for the stock. New Media/E-Commerce - Amazon  Holly Becker Amazon Update We expect AMZN, like most retailers, will suffer from the current political unrest. This leads us to believe that even the low end of guidance of $625-$675mm in revenues may be difficult to achieve. Our 4Q ests. for breakeven operating profits and $900mm in cash hinge on our 4Q sales est. of $1.1 B. While it is too soon to tell, we will likely need to revisit these ests. in the upcoming weeks. About 6 weeks ago, AMZN lowered its book prices by approx. 10%. While this was likely successful in increasing demand, the recent catastrophe in the U.S. will obviously offset the benefits. On Sept. 11, AMZN announced a 5-yr alliance with Target Corp. in which AMZN will open a Target store at Amazon.com later this fall and power all of Target's online sites beginning in summer 2002. <Sep> Subject :  The Morning Market Call - Friday September 21st, 2001. 
Email : Hi Jeffrey:  My name is Pat Brandt and I am the Vice President of our E-Training Group here at the Legal Research Center ("LRC"). As you may know, we are the nation's leading provider of outsourced legal research and writing services. In fact, LRC was recently named the 2nd best-performing small public company in Minnesota. In addition to legal research and writing services, we also offer industry-leading, online compliance training - training that could help your organization in the event of a DOJ prosecution. You can view our compliance modules at work or home, as long as you have access to the internet and a personal access code. To receive an access code or more information, please call (800-776-9377) or send me a reply email. Thank you for your time and have a great day! Sincerely,   <Sep> Subject :  Online Compliance Training 
Email : I want to confirm our committee meeting at Paul's  office on Oct 3rd. at 7:30 am. I also ask that you put Jan. 14th 2002 at 7:30 am  on your calendar as our next committee meeting. Thanks, Bob   <Sep> Subject :  meeting 
Email : I'd like to schedule a conference call with committee members ASAP. Jeff spoke with the Mayor this afternoon and would like to update everyone on the conversation. Does Monday, April 30, from 12 to 12:30pm work? Please let me know ASAP - 713-345-4840. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Conference call 
Email : Dear friends and colleagues,  All Europeans have been following the horrific events taking place in the US over the last few days and we are all extremely shocked by this tragedy. We would like to extend our deepest sympathy to all Americans and sincerely hope that none of you (or relatives/friends/colleagues) has been terribly impacted by these events. We are also very comforted when seeing American's determination, strength and confidence in the future. Sigma Consultants   <Sep> Subject :  Net@Home2001 Highlights 
Email : One thing I forgot to mention this afternoon. I have recently gone on the board of Kimberly Clark (Kleenex, etc). They are a heavy user of both power and gas in their manufacturing operations, and it hurt their 1Q results. I have been telling then that they should start a conversation with Enron relative to outsourcing the management of this. As it happens, they have a pulp plant they want to sell, and your guys have an interest to help their trading operation. In the discussions on the pulp plant, don't overlook the opportunity to bundle together a proposal on outsourcing the energy management. Let me know if I can help. Thanks for your attention to our problem.   <Sep> Subject :  One other thing. 
Email : FYI:  Due to the non-standard operations for in the EOL Management Reporting Group,  the daily Executive Summary report will be delayed. Sorry for the inconvenience. Thanks   <Sep> Subject :  Executive Summary Information 
Email : Good Wednesday Morning - Comments From The Local Guys! The market is, at this stage, only focusing on the negatives in the marketplace. The perception that this war on terrorism will be long and protracted - with the potential short-term impact to the economy being deeper than prior to September 11th. However, the pace of economic spending by the administration may hasten the end of the economic downturn. Hang in there. IMPACT CALLS  M&T Bank Brock Vandervliet  Upgrade to 2-Buy, Compelling Valuation 2 - Buy / $67.16 (USD) We are upgrading MTB from 3 Market Perform to 2 Buy, based on valuation and solid fundamental performance. Our estimates and target price are unchanged. Going forward, we expect MTB to generate EPS growth of 11%, significantly better than the 8% group overall. Banks - Citibank Henry Chip Dickson Citi Previews Stronger than expected 3Q Citi Previews Stronger than expected 3Q The September 11th Disaster is expected to reduce Citi's 3Q01 results by $0.12-$0.14. Citi had expected to earn $0.77 for 3Q01, $0.02 better than consensus expectations despite a deteriorating economy and a challenging market environment. The sources of 3Q strength appear to be many of the Consumer businesses, Emerging Markets, Fixed Income and productivity gains. Based on the guidance, a weakening economy and global turmoil, we reduced our 2001 EPS estimate $0.18 to $2.87 and we reduced our 2002 EPS estimate $0.05 to $3.45. q Our rating remains 1 - Strong Buy with a $70 price target. Citi trades at, or just below, the median Large Cap Bank p/e based on 2002 estimated EPS despite the strength and diversity of its franchise. Integrated Oil - European Recommendation Downgrades Jeremy Elden Low risk, but low recovery potential Following last week's tragic events, we are leaving most of our price targets unchanged. The larger companies now look cheap in absolute terms. However, we expect equity markets to rally even more strongly, leaving the oil sector behind and perhaps making the current position a long-term relative high point for the sector as seen in 1979/80 and 1990. For now, the sector has the advantage of being lower risk but, once investors feel more comfortable with the economic and political outlook, they may move elsewhere. Oil supply currently unaffected Demand expected to fall Eni and TotalFinaElf have greater exposure to Mid. East/N.Africa Repsol YPF price target cut to E17.5 from E18.4 ENI rating cut from Strong Buy to Buy TotalFinaElf rating cut from Buy to Market Perform Oil & Gas: Exploration & Production Thomas R. Driscoll Outlook-Shares in Light of Development Recent events do not substantially change our view of intermediate-term oil and gas fundamentals. We remain cautious on the E&P sector overall but we are looking for selective purchase opportunities. Near-term prospects are that oil prices may be higher than we previously thought. Weakening economic activity may hurt natural gas demand and lead to a more prolonged natural gas oversupply situation - and weaker natural gas prices. E&P shares fell 1-6% on Monday and we are looking for entry points. Both EOG Resources and Noble Affiliates appear to be more than 10% below our estimate of fair value. COMPANY / INDUSTRY UPDATE Beverages Michael Branca Consistency & Predictability Uncertaiin From an earnings stability perspective, the beverage industry will plainly be hurt by recent events and increasing recessionary pressure in the near-term. But, historically, the industry has still generated relatively consistent profit and cash flow growth -- even during   <Sep> Subject :  The Morning Market Call - Wednesday September 19th, 2001. 
Email : Dear Mr. Skilling,  Please accept my invitation to visit Carlton Woods in The Woodlands. This will be a great opportunity for you and your family to come inside the gates for a first hand look. Carlton Woods is the only guard gated, private country club neighborhood The Woodlands has ever created. Along with a private Jack Nicklaus Signature golf course, the neighborhood will boast amenities never before seen in this part of the Houston area. You'll have the opportunity to view over 30 homes under construction in various stages. Homes for sale in Carlton Woods range in price from the high 400s up to over 2 million. We also have an excellent selection of homesites available for purchase with no time frame to build. If you would like a Carlton Woods discovery package mailed to you, please respond to this E-Mail and I will send one to you. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Carlton Woods 
Email : Everyone,  As we stated earlier, this particular virus that is on the internet is causing a lot of issues for Corporations. As a result, the companies who write anti-virus software are continuously updating their software. As of this morning, another update has been made available to us. This update does a better job of protecting your PC than the update we received last night. At this time, it is extremely important that you again go through one of the procedures listed below to get the latest update. 1. Logout of the network and log back in or  2. Click on START>PROGRAMS>ACCESSORIES>Norton AntiVirus Corporate Edition and then click the Live Update button. This will pop up a screen where you will have to click the "Next" button and then a "Finish" button. - If you are an EES user, this option is not available to you. Please use option 1. The proper version of the update pattern you need is:   (9/18/2001, version 30918BL) - You may need to restart the Norton Anti-Virus client if you want to visually insure that you have the latest update. If you have questions or concerns, please direct them to your Resolution Center. Enron Global Technology   <Sep> Subject :  Update to Virus Protection Software #2 
Email : Dear HBS Alumni: What is going to happen in the Middle East? Please join the HBS Club for a luncheon with Ambassador Edward Djerejian, the founding director of the James A. Baker III Institute for Public Policy at Rice University. The Middle East has taken on an even greater importance in recent days and Ambassador Djerejian is a renowned expert in this area of the world. SPEAKER:    Ambassador Edward Djerejian, Director of James A. Baker III                      Public Policy Institute at Rice University   <Sep> Subject :  HBS October 2 Lunch - Ambassador Edward Djerejian 
Email : If you would like a registration form for any of these rides, please let me know or go to www.bicycletexas.com. September 29 Sealy Crossroads  September 30 Houston Cy-Fair Lions Biking for Sight  October 6 Pineywoods Purgatory  October 7 MADD County Roads Classic  October 6-7 Bike to the Beach MS150  October 13-14 Houston Alamo Challenge October 1 is the registration deadline. Please send your registration form and pledges to me before then. October 20 10th Annual Missions Tour de Goliad   <Sep> Subject :  Upcoming bike rides 
Email : I will be getting ride reimbursements ready at the end of September. If you haven't already done so, please submit your ride reimbursements to me using the attached form before the end of the month. Thanks! Steph :  )   <Sep> Subject :  3Q ECC ride reimbursements 
Email : Space is still available for the upcoming Harvard Forum. If you would like to attend, please make your reservations today. In case you did not receive the invitation, please see the information below. "Pathways to Success:  What it Takes to Move from Dorm Room to Board Room in Two Easy Decades" - Dinner and Discussion  Club Following upon the rousing success of the Club's first Harvard Forum "Raising Children of Character in A World of Affluence," the Harvard Club of Houston is conducting another Harvard Forum. We plan to have three during the current academic year. For those of you unfortunate enough to have missed the first Forum, the format works like this:  we'll have dinner, and then a panel of Harvard grads will give brief introductions to the evening's topic from their perspective, and then we will all engage the topic for ourselves in a moderated discussion. The panel members will be knowledgeable, but not so expert that anyone will be intimidated. They will, however, be provocative to assure that the subsequent conversation is lively. You will come away knowing your fellow Club members better than ever - maybe better than you ever wanted. We hope that the topic we've picked for the second Forum will be captivating to recent and older alumni alike. Our panelists will cover the spectrum of vocational experience, not all business people; and you might argue whether some even have a vocation. Some will identify the critical factors in achieving success, while others will argue that all personal planning is an exercise in self-delusion. We are confident that the discussion will be informative and lively. Because of the format, only the first 40 people can be accepted. We had to turn away people last time, so please respond promptly, as indicated below. When:    Saturday, September 22, 7:30 p.m. Where:   Briar Club, 2603 Timmons (East Briar Room) Cost:      $35.00 per person Reservations:  Email dottie@kerr-solutions.com or call 281/424-3084  (Payment must be made at time of reservation by credit card or mailing check to 3413 Cobblestone Lane, Baytown, TX 77521-1956.) For further information, contact David Grizzle (david_grizzle@yahoo.com or 713-324-2966) or Danguole Spakevicius (danguole@fempartners.com or 713-665-4218). =================== Dottie Kerr (harvardclub@kerr-solutions.com) Administrator for Harvard Club of Houstonwww.harvardclubofhouston.org   <Sep> Subject :  Harvard University Club of Houston - Harvard Forum REMINDER 
Email : Here are the rides for May. Shiner Bash - May 12 You will need to sign up for this ride yourself. The cycling club will reimburse $20 for this ride. Fayetteville Good Ol Summertime Ride - May 6 You will need to sign up for this ride yourself. The cycling club will reimburse $20 for this ride. Schulenberg Steeplechase Bike Ride - May 5 You will need to sign up for this ride yourself. The cycling club will reimburse $20 for this ride.   <Sep> Subject :  Rides for May - Part 1 
Email : Weco overstock for sale. Please see Attached Excel list. If you have any questions or would like a quote please feel free to contact me at Phone (916) 645-8961 Fax (916) 645-1547. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Weco Inventory for sale 
Email : Charles Schwab  =09   =09=09 As of Friday, September the 14th the markets are preparing to reopen Monday= ,  September 17. The financial exchanges and brokerage firms,  including S= chwab, are conducting extensive system testing over the weekend to ensure s= mooth operation Monday.=09 Important Information:  Financial market update = and FAQs related to recent events   Information on Order Types   Market Vol= atility =09 =09What to Expect on Monday   As we have communicated earlier, there may be=  some short- term price volatility when the market opens. Accordingly, you=  may want to consider whether to use a limit order or a market order when p= lacing a trade. (Click here  for more information on order types). In addi= tion, with potential  strains on systems due to heavy volumes, you may expe= rience operational or execution delays. (Click here  for more information o= n market volatility). We are Here to Help   All necessary steps have been=  taken to ensure the continued normal functioning of Schwab's systems and o= perations. We stand ready to assist you with questions, advice and servici= ng needs. You can call us at 1-800-435-4000 seven days a week, 24 hours a = day, access our schwab.com  website, or visit a Schwab office near you. A= s an industry and as a firm, we have successfully worked through challengin= g markets in the past and are here today helping to ensure your financial s= ecurity and success, now and in the future. We will monitor the situation=  closely. We encourage you to check schwab.com  and listen to news reports=  for up-to-the minute information. Notice: All email sent to or from Cha= rles Schwab corporate email system may be retained, monitored and/or review= ed by Schwab personnel. For your protection, we are unable to accept ins= tructions to change your email address sent in reply to this message. To up= date your address , please log in to your account using the link below. Fro= m there you will be able to update your email information securely. ? 20= 01 Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. All rights reserved. Member SIPC/NYSE. (0901-= 0363)=09   <Sep> Subject :  Update on Financial Markets 
Email : RADIO ADDRESS OF THE PRESIDENT                                TO THE NATION          THE PRESIDENT:  Good morning. This weekend I am engaged in extensive sessions with members of my National Security Council, as we plan a comprehensive assault on terrorism. This will be a different kind of conflict against a different kind of enemy. This is a conflict without battlefields or beachheads, a conflict with opponents who believe they are invisible. Yet, they are mistaken. They will be exposed, and they will discover what others in the past have learned:  Those who make war against the United States have chosen their own destruction. Victory against terrorism will not take place in a single battle, but in a series of decisive actions against terrorist organizations and those who harbor and support them. We are planning a broad and sustained campaign to secure our country and eradicate the evil of terrorism. And we are determined to see this conflict through. Americans of every faith and background are committed to this goal. Yesterday I visited the site of the destruction in New York City and saw an amazing spirit of sacrifice and patriotism and defiance. I met with rescuers who have worked past exhaustion, who cheered for our country and the great cause we have entered. In Washington, D.C., the political parties and both Houses of Congress have shown a remarkable unity, and I'm deeply grateful. A terrorist attack designed to tear us apart has instead bound us together as a nation. Over the past few days, we have learned much about American courage -- the   <Sep> Subject :  RADIO ADDRESS OF THE PRESIDENT TO THE NATION 
Email : Jeffrey,  ATOMS continues to establish itself to be the most effective and reliable predictive dialer in the world! Previous users of other predictive systems continue to report production improvements of typically 20% with ATOMS. Please check out several new customer success stories, updates, press releases and feature enhancements at www.noblesys.com  Noble Systems is now initiating a new program where our friends like you can receive $1,000.00 plus for each new customer that you refer to me. These referral commissions are applicable on only new leads going forward. You must sign up for this program in advance and register the lead. If you wish to do so, please advise and I'll forward this sign-up information to you. Also, in part because of the combined calling of Noble Systems users along with the 16,000 agents working for Teleperformance (our $700 million plus parent), we can now also secure for you a 2.5 cent per minute call rate on T1 traffic. And you need not even be a Noble Systems user to take advantage of this package. Please advise and I'll get this information to you. Current hot items on our product side include extending our skills-based routing from inbound to answering outbound predictive traffic. In addition to now providing fully automated credit card authorizations, our integrated IVR (Interactive Voice Response) can also do just about any application including automated surveys, automated appointment confirmations, etc. And, most importantly, PerfectScript can now improve both agent productivity and agent retention more than any single innovation in the past several years. With PerfectScript, agents may pre-record portions of their presentations, rebuttals, mirandas etc. At their discretion, the appropriate pre-recorded voice segment plays in lieu of the agent responding; totally seamless and without clicks etc. so that the other party is not aware that the agent is not really speaking. At any time your agent may stop the recorded play by simply touching the keyboard space bar and continue in his/her own voice. Another PerfectScript benefit is that the enthusiasm with which they record their rebuttals tends to be maintained throughout every conversation for optimal results. And yet another very important benefit of PerfectScript is that agents may pre-record their initial call introduction: "Hello, this is Dan. May I speak with" at which point your agent then speaks the called party's name and continues on. Jeffrey, have a great week and whenever I can be of any assistance, please do not hesitate to call or email me back.   <Sep> Subject :  Noble Systems Executive Update + Opportunities For You 
Email : Dear Jeff,  I & my family  are deeply disturbed by the cowardly attack on America. It has been extremely painful to watch such acts of crime. This is the gravest tragedy we have come across in our lives. America is the richest democracy in the world & India the largest. We enjoy freedom & no amount of terrorist act can shake our foundations. Terrorism is the biggest danger to humanity & let us bravely fight to end these barbaric acts. Like America, India has been suffering cross border terrorism for more than 2 decades. Along with you, we feel & suffer from such brutal pains & sorrows. Our arms reach out for all the families who were victims of this dastardly attack. I sincerely hope your family, friends & colleagues are safe & are recovering from their worst nightmare. In the true spirit of YPOer, we all pray to give you, your family & America strength to bear the loss of fellow citizens. Today, all of us at home & office stood in silent homage. With sympathy & warm regards,   J.K. Jhaver & Manjulika   <Sep> Subject :  Prayers for America - YPO friend from INDIA 
Email : Dear Mentors:  The Houston Technology Center would like to invite you to attend the Mentor Network Breakfast during which we will introduce a selection of our newest companies. After the introductions, the Mentors and the companies will be allowed time to network and to find appropriate "mentor connections." The Mentor breakfast has been rescheduled and will be held on Tuesday, September 25, 2001, at the Briar Club, 2603 Timmons from 7:00 a.m. - 9:00 a.m. The cost of the event is $15, no cash will be accepted at the door. Please register online at: Http://www.houstontech.org/calendar/caldetail.asp?ID=149&DATE=9/25/2001  AGENDA  7:00-7:30  Registration 7:30-8:30  Breakfast/Introduction to Candidate Companies 8:30-9:00  Wrap-up/Networking  I look forward to a great turnout! Sincerely,   <Sep> Subject :  Mentor Network Breakfast meeting - Tuesday,  09.25.01 
Email : =20 The Power Marketing Association  and PowerMarketers.com Present: =20  Power Markets 2002 October 16-17, 2001  Washington,  D.C.=20   =20 Special! Save up to $245!=20 Register  before October 1 and receive Power Marketing Association Members'=   Rates. =20 See brochure for details. Click Here to  download brochure =20 =20  =09=09New Power Plants to be a key focus of Power Markets  2002  Richard Ch= eney has said we need a new power plant every week in order  to meet growin= g demand. In fact, the industry is doing that and  more! But powerplant=  construction is never simple, and always affected with  public policy. = This year's edition of Power Markets 2002 in Washington, D.C.  will provide=  the information you need to benefit from opportunities  created by the boo= m in powerplant construction:    * Lynn Church, President of the Electric P= ower Supply  Association, will introduce the topic with a discussion of tod= ay's  unique opportunities for merchant power. * Joe Colvin, President a= nd CEO of the Nuclear Energy Institute  will discuss the continuing, and gr= owing role of nuclear  power. The nuclear fleet has never delivered more = energy  to the national grid, and the future hasn't looked this good for nu= clear  construction in decades. * John O'Brien, Skipping Stone, will dis= cuss recent  experiences in the construction of coal-fired plants. Coal  = is still by far the dominant fuel for power generation in the U.S., and  sh= ows no signs of giving up that status. * PG&E National Energy Group will=  provide a presentation on  gas-fired generation. By far the dominant cat= egory of  powerplant currently under construction, gas-fired plants are fas= t  becoming the incremental resource. * Buck Buckner, Director of Marke= ting, Stewart &  Stevenson, will address distributed generation opportuniti= es  spawned by shortfalls in transmission and distribution investment. B= ut the Conference is not just about powerplants. It will also  cover: * re= tail markets * telecom and energy convergence * transmission  policy * cred= it risk * commodity exchanges * career trends and more! And don't miss o= ur pre-conference seminar: FUNDAMENTALS OF POWER  MARKETING on October 15, = 2001. Warmest Regards,  Glenn Lovin  Executive Director    P.S. There a= re a few slots available for exhibitors. See  brochure for details. Cli= ck  Here to Download  Brochure  =09     =20  =20  =20   <Sep> Subject :  POWER MARKETS 2002 
Email : We have combined everyone's input and here is where we are thus far. We are targeting Friday, 9/21 for mail out of the invitations. The initial invitation will not have the steering committee members listed, due to timing of the mail out. A second mail out is scheduled for two weeks prior to the event. The second mail out will include the steering committee members. please forward your comments to my attention as soon as possible. Thank you for your input,   <Sep> Subject :  Draft of October Event Invitation 
Email : Robert, As I suggested yesterday, I believe the Symposium title should include the words: Leadership... Technology...Energy. I am in the process of attempting to recruit a couple of key Steering committee members. re" *   CEO, CFO, COO, President and CTO's of top 100 companies, "excluding" CEO's of top Energy companies. (Did you mean "including"?) I will try to join the telecon tomorrow but prior commitments may make that difficult. Thanks for all your work on this project. Michael D. Burke MDB Capital Ventures 210/269-7962  829 College Blvd. San Antonio, TX 78209 210/269-7962 fax /826-0449 mdburkesa@aol.com  5252 Westchester  Suite 250 Houston, TX  77005 713/662-1982 fax /666-5227 mburke@entrix.com   <Sep> Subject :  HTC Energy Symposium 
Email : Wow! Enron employees and other Houstonians are showing such generosity! The response to the blood drive has been outstanding. Employees from Continental Airlines and other surrounding corporations have come to our blood donation site to give. Blood Center personnel have informed us that because of the overwhelming response donations are now being taken on a first-come, first-served basis. The Blood Center is attempting to keep appointments on schedule. However, we ask for your patience and understanding if there is a delay. It is indeed gratifying to witness your continued generosity to the community and beyond.   <Sep> Subject :  Blood Drive Update 
Email : Dear Jeffrey,  David Kobierowski, your Forrester Account Manager,  has asked me to extend you an invitation to our TechRankings Conference call on Enterprise Portal Servers. Listed below are more details about the call including agenda, time and date. We realize you dont currently have access to this TechRankings program, but we wanted you to have the opportunity to participate. If you would like to register for this call, simply respond to this email and I'll get you signed up. About 2 days before the call, you will receive slides and a dial in number from our Marketing Department. Otherwise, my primary role is to help support the technology needs of our clients so please feel free to contact me at any time. I hope to hear from you soon! Best Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Pls RSVP: Invite to Forrester's Analyst Call on Portal Servers 9/18 
Email : Attached is a summary compiling separate discussions between myself and Jeff Skilling, Cris / Lee (McKinsey), Mike Burke, Lloyd Bentsen and Paul Frison. As indicated in the attachment it has been determined the October 22 event will stand with slight modifications regarding the invitations. In addition, HTC will attempt to organize a second event that will afford participants the opportunity to hear and hold discussions regarding current concerns among their colleagues. A conference call has been scheduled for tomorrow, Friday from 10:00-10:30 with Cris and Lee to further discuss a title and 1-3 paragraph write-up for the invitations. Please forward to my attention suggestions, recommendations and comments. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Summary of October Symposium Discussions 
Email : Dear Schwab Client:  As of Thursday September 13, 2001, SchwabFunds(R) Money Funds will be open for Shareholder transactions and will continue to be open for business each day that the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the "Fed") is open. This change to the Schwab Money Funds' business days is designed to provide shareholders the ability to access their cash investment while the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") remains closed. Typically, the Schwab Money Funds are open for business only on days that both the Fed and the NYSE are open.   <Sep> Subject :  SchwabFunds Enables Shareholder Money Funds Transactions 
Email : Enron Cycling Club Meeting Tuesday, September 18, 11:30 a.m. EB23C1    We will be discussing upcoming rides and will also have guest speakers to talk about the Alamo Challenge and Novemberfest. Please RSVP to me by 9:00 a.m. Monday morning so that I'll know how much food to order. Steph :  )   <Sep> Subject :  Enron Cycling Club Meeting - September 
Email : Dear Questia Series B Preferred Shareholder,  The Board of Directors has adopted resolutions extending the Series C offering in order to attempt to secure additional investors. This is notice that the proxy holder of your shares intends to vote in favor of the resolutions, and of your right to revoke your proxy with respect to this vote. (See attached file: Notice of Voting Event (Sept. 2001).DOC)(See attached file: Shareholders Resolution (Notice) September __, 2001.DOC)   <Sep> Subject :  Questia - Notice of Voting Event 
Email : THE FORUM MEETING IS BACK ON!!! Please mark your calendars for October 15th for the regular monthly meeting. An e-mail will come out a week before for RSVP.   <Sep> Subject :  FORUM II MEETING - OCTOBER 15TH 
Email : DUE TO THE RECENT TRAGEDY AND DAMAGE IN NEW  YORK WE ARE EXPERIENCING SOME LOCAL INTERNET CONNECTION PROBLEMS. WE APOLOGIZE  FOR ANY INCONVENIENCE THIS MAY CAUSE. KUDLOW'S TAKE  By Lawrence Kudlow    THE PRICE WE MUST PAY  We are at war. And  war changes everything. After today's heinous crimes committed by  terrorists against the U.S. and the  rest of civilized humanity, there must  be a sea change in American policies  if we are to effectively play the rough  hand that God has dealt us. We are at war. And war changes everything,  including policies. We must now  embrace war policies. Among the carnage and massive human suffering there  is an important wake-up  call that must be heeded by Democrats and  Republicans alike: We live in a  dangerous world, and we must never forget  how utterly important it is to  maintain our defenses in order to preserve  freedom and democracy and our way  of life. The terrorist invasion of the U.S. mainland  underscores the urgent need to  rebuild the defense and national security  structure that has slowly but  steadily eroded in recent years. Barbaric  terrorists have revealed  significant flaws in our intelligence systems and  in our security  arrangements at home. This will all have to be changed. The  threat of  terrorist use of nuclear or other weapons of massive destruction  hammers home  the urgent need for strategic defense measures and a general  technological  rebuilding of our defense posture. In financial terms, this will cost hundreds of  billions of dollars. So be it. It's a drop in the bucket for the defense of  freedom. We will sell bonds to  finance military security. Bonds will finance  investment in freedom. In economic policy terms, today's terrorist  invasion similarly changes  everything. To backstop national security  recovery we must take aggressive  actions to stimulate economic recovery. It  was Reagan who argued 20 years ago  that U.S. economic decline in the 1970s  stimulated Soviet adventurism and  expansionism. Reagan knew that economic  recovery at home would insure  international recovery abroad. In an interesting book by Professor Gary Dean Best,  entitled Pride,  Prejudice, and Politics, a similar point was made about the  linkage between  domestic economic policy and international security policy. Prof. Best noted  that the failure of the U.S. to recover from the Depression  - where even as  late as 1940 the unemployment rate was 14.6% - created an  image that the  economically-plagued U.S. would be a weak player on the world  political  scene. Quite simply, Best argued that economic weakness at home  encouraged  Hitler and Japan abroad. In today's terms, one cannot help but wonder  whether Mideast-based terrorist  groups do not think that their  energy-producing state government sponsors can  simply turn the dial, tighten  oil production, and thereby weaken the American  economy even more. Is it  entirely a coincidence that the terrorist actions  aimed at closing down Wall  Street, closing down the Pentagon, and even  closing down the U.S.  government, have occurred in the immediate aftermath of  worsening economic  news and slumping stock market performance? No matter what the cost, the U.S. must be prepared  to restore its economy. Phony lockboxes must be thrown out the window. Unnecessary obsessions over  debt retirement must be driven away. Now is the  time for aggressive fiscal  and monetary stimulus to promote growth and  finance freedom. Substantial tax  cuts on individuals, businesses, capital  investment, and equipment  depreciation should be immediately put into place. Lower tax rates across the  board will aid recovery by reducing production  and investment costs while  stimulating an entrepreneurial economic return. The Federal Reserve Board  must substantially increase the volume of bank  reserves to reliquefy the  financial system and the economy. Steps to promote  energy production must be  taken aggressively. Here in New York, with the destruction of the World  Trade Center, those of us  in the financial community will grieve over the  sad and tragic loss of  husbands and wives who worked Downtown. So many of us  involved in politics  and government will know people who lost their lives in  the plane hijackings. While we grieve sadly, our anger will demand immediate  U.S. retaliation to  clean out the terrorist criminals and the states that  sponsor them. We know  who they are. We know where they are. And we will hope  and pray that  president Bush takes immediate and effective actions. But amidst the grieving and the anger, none of us  should lose sight of the  long-term goal of preserving our freedom and  democracy. This is a national  security goal, and it is also an economic  security goal. What happened today  changes everything. Lord give us the  strength to learn from it and take the  right actions to preserve it.   <Sep> Subject :  KUDLOW'S TAKE -- National Review Online - September 11, 2001 
Email : Specs:  K2 Disco Monkey (2000 model) Free Ride Mountain Bike. It's a part of the Zero Gravity Series by K2. - Easton Frame  - Noleen Mega Air Fork and Mono Shock  - Formula Hubs  - Brand New Avid Mechanical Disc Brakes  - Avid Speed Dial 1.9L Brake Levers  - Shimano LX Shifters  - Shimano LX Front Derailer  - Shimano XT Rear Derailer  - Vuelta "Anti-Snake Bite" Rims  - New GEAX "Sturdy" tires (2.25)  - Truvativ "Firex" Cranks  - Richey SDP Clippless Pedals  I bought this bike Spring of 2000 for $2,300.00. Will sell it for $1,000.00 (no less)  Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Mountain Bike for Sale 
Email : The Williams 10th Annual 100K bike ride from Sam Houston Race Park to Kemah will be on Saturday, May 19. $60 in donations is required at packet pickup. If you use the attached Matching Gift form, you will only need to turn in $30. If you are interested in participating in this ride, please get your entry form and matching gift form with pledges to me before Monday, May 14. I'm located at EB2414. Steph :  )   <Sep> Subject :  Williams 10th Annual 100K Bike Ride 
Email : September  13, 2001     Dear  Jeff:   I know  with your departure from Enron tomorrow and with the loss of friends and  business associates on Tuesday you have much on your mind. For those  reasons, I hesitate to contact you now, but realize from my personal experiences  that this may be the very time at which you wish to consider  opportunities. I have briefly outlined below my present venture. I  am asking energy industry acquaintances for assistance in identifying  prospective investors. In your case, you may wish to consider an  investment and, if you desire further involvement, the company will offer you  one of its five Board seats. I wish you well in your future personal and  professional endeavors. I am CEO  of Genscape, Inc., a two-year old, $3 million annualized revenue, energy  information provider, serving Fortune 500 companies. Genscape has  delivered and deployed proprietary technology making it the exclusive provider  of real-time online power generating and transmission operating information. Energy traders have shown great interest in Genscape's information with five of  the nation's largest energy traders subscribing to the service at annual prices  of $500,000 or more. With only $200,000 in equity investment to date, Genscape  has developed its proprietary technology, organized a 27 person staff, completed  one third of its monitor deployment and generated strong customer demand. It's a great start upon which to base  expansion. Genscape  and Vectren Energy Solutions, have reached an agreement as to the terms for  issuance of $3 million of Series A Preferred Stock of which Vectren will buy  half. A copy of the term sheet signed is attached. Vectren was the principal  investor in EnTrade Corporation, of which I was a founder, and realized a  significant return in EnTrade's strategic sale to Tenneco Energy. Genscape has  also received strong interest from a financial investor for $500,000. Due  diligence and closing documents are substantially complete and this transaction  is ready to close by late September. Genscape  is seeking the remaining $1 million of investment capital required and will  accept $100,000 minimum investments. I need your assistance during the next few  days to identify individuals or businesses that may wish to make such an  investment. I will contact them  personally, once you provide me their contact  information. I plan  to be in Houston on Friday, September 14, and at least one day during the week  of September 17 and can meet with prospective investors personally, if they  desire. David A. Doctor Chief  Executive Officer Genscape,  Inc. 105  Daventry Lane, Suite 300 Louisville,  Kentucky   40223  - Genscape-091101 Vectren Term Sheet Final.doc   <Sep> Subject :  David Doctor & Genscape, Inc. 
Email : In the wake of Tuesday's tragic events, from which we are all still reeling, we are temporarily suspending our Eyeforenergy subscriber services. We would like to take this opportunity to convey our deepest condolences to all of our friends in the energy community who have lost friends, colleagues or loved ones as a result of this terrible disaster, and our thoughts are with you. The Eyeforenergy team.   <Sep> Subject :  t,h: Eyeforenergy Special Notice 
Email : Attn:Jeffrey RE:INVITATION TO TRANSACT A BUSINESS I feel the less compunction in intruding to your kind heartedness; I have been noted about your reputable existence and I consequently reposed in you the most esteemed confidence, it is with trust and uncompromising faith that I humbly herein to disclose this personal confidential issue to you. I am a management consultants based  in the Republic of the Gambia representing businessmen in the western coast of Africa with extensive clientele. Note,the current  president of the Gambia, (President Yaya .A.Jammeh) is a close friend of mine. Due to the on-going presidential election in the country and focus on the strong pressure given to him by his opposition, he requested that I should  assist in sourcing for a reliable individual/company anywhere in the world in order to transact the sum of ($19.6Million USDollars) which is in his possession. He has of course decided to make good use of the fund because he don't know if he will win the election or not.Please kindly help us out of this impasse, and I sincerely hope you will not deny us this wish. Note,there is practically no risk involved in this issue, healthy arrangment have been made before I contacted you. I f you need  any question,do not hesitate to ask. I will be very grateful to hear from you as urgently as you can. Yours Sincerely   <Sep> Subject :  SUPPORT 
Email : Jeff,  Walter Sea, of Marine Max, can be reached at (O) 561-220-0707 or (C) 561-285-0990. This industry is known for crooks and thieves. Walter has a reputation as an honest broker. If you need any help, just let me know. Blake   <Sep> Subject :  Yacht Broker 
Email : In order to ensure our Network resources are available for critical business purposes, IPTV will be unavailable until further notice. We will be sending out another email when IPTV becomes available. Thank you for your support and understanding.   <Sep> Subject :  IPTV 
Email : The HBS Club of Houston would like to invite ACG to attend a luncheon on September 19. See the New Houston METRO Train! Please join the HBS Club for a luncheon with Robert Miller, the Chairman of METRO on Wednesday, September 19th. METRO was created in 1978 and currently has over 3600 employees. METRO plays a major role in construction projects throughout Houston and is involved in the $250 million Downtown/Midtown Transit Street project. Robert Miller will be discussing the long-term plan for METRO and highlighting the new light rail system. There will be a short video on the project followed by a presentation by Robert Miller. SPEAKER:    Robert Miller, Chairman METRO   <Sep> Subject :  HBS September 19th Luncheon with Robert Miller, Chairman METRO 
Email : All:  It appears the first week of October will work best. Please let me know if there are any days that week that won't work for you. After today, please respond to my home e:mail address - ddalton34@aol.com or phone 281-370-5948. Thanks!   <Sep> Subject :  Dinner/Going Away Get Together 
Email : Hi Jeff,  I am a consultant working with Conoco (Downstream North America and Europe) - helping them reinvent their business through innovation. My clients are Jim Nokes, EVP and Rick Hamm in Europe. I would like to discuss with you the possibility of you speaking to a group of senior executives at Conoco UK, telling the Enron 'story' and how you've reinvented your business. Your presence would be a very inspiring to them and telling the story 'live' would help them develop the mindset they need to innovate new products, services and get into new markets. I will give you a call tomorrow (Tuesday) to follow up on your level of interest or I can be reached on my mobile at +1.617.306.0599 Thank you for your consideration. Sincerely,   <Sep> Subject :  Request 
Email : OUTLOOK EMAIL NOTIFICATION  Your Date of Migration is: May 2nd  YOU WILL BE UNABLE TO SEND E-MAIL unless you take the following action: Please go through your Notes email and clean out as many old/un-needed email items as possible BEFORE your date of migration. After you are migrated to Outlook you will only be allocated 100MB of total Mailbox space. If more than this amount of data is migrated to Outlook YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO SEND E-MAIL until it is below the 100MB limit. Cleaning up your Notes email now will prevent this from happening to YOU. Enron's messaging platform is migrating from Lotus Notes to Microsoft Outlook 2000 worldwide. You will be accessing Outlook for all of your email functions. WHY IS ENRON MIGRATING TO OUTLOOK 2000? Many factors contributed to the decision to migrate from Lotus Notes to Microsoft Exchange/Outlook. The most prominent factors were:  ? Significant advantages to moving to a product that is more integrated with current Enron apps (Windows 2000, Office and Internet Explorer) ? More efficient Shared PC and Roaming User features ? Improved support and integration for Palm/CE devices ? Instant Messaging capabilities  WHAT IS BEING MIGRATED TO OUTLOOK 2000? ? Email Messages. From the date of your scheduled migration, the last (30) thirty days of your Email will be converted for use in Outlook. ? All your folders in Notes you use to store email messages in. ? To Do Items ? Journal Items ? Calendar Entries dating from (1) one year in the past to (10) ten years in the future will be converted. ? Address Books, but NOT your Distribution Lists that you created. You will need to re-create these in Outlook. Thank you,   <Sep> Subject :  1-URGENT - Outlook Email Notification (new) 
Email : Brothers,     Linda Grumbles just informed me that John is not recovering the way the Drs. want him to and that the same artery may be blocked again, or even closed. In other words, the first catheter treatment didn't pan out. He goes back in for another one, this time probably installing a stint in the artery to keep it open, next week on Sept. 14. His email address has changed and it's now jgrumbles76@hotmail.com. I'm certain he and Linda would appreciate your keeping them in your prayers. Yours in -kai-,   <Sep> Subject :  [smu-betas] Grumbles 
Email : <<MF September 7th 2001.pdf>>     Good Friday Afternoon - Comments From The Local Guys! Today's employment number was not a good one - however, it should prompt the Fed to be more aggressive. The unemployment rate was the worst part of the report, jumping to 4.9%. The market had been looking for 4.7% unemployment. The jump in the unemployment rate was bad, but we have to remember two things. First, the unemployment rate is a lagging indicator of economic conditions. Second, with revisions, the payroll number  was only slightly worse than consensus. That said, the drop in aggregate hours of  -0.4%  and   <Sep> Subject :  The Morning Market Call - Friday September 7th, 2001. 
Email : Current Notes User:   To ensure that you experience a successful migration from Notes to Outlook, it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date of migration. Please take a few minutes to completely fill out the following survey. When you finish, simply click on the 'Reply' button then hit 'Send'  Your survey will automatically be sent to the Outlook 2000 Migration Mailbox. Thank you.   <Sep> Subject :  2- SURVEY/INFORMATION EMAIL 
Email : Community Relations brought the Matching Gift and Volunteer Incentive Programs into the 21st Century - the programs are now on-line! Congratulations to the following individuals, who won the Enron Matching Gift Program Contest! Each of them was able to designate $1,000 to up to two charities of their choice. Michelle Cash chose The Post Oak School. Rita Homan chose Juvenile Diabetes Foundation of Omaha and The St. Pius/St. Leo Educational Trust Fund. Harald Jensen chose Tejas Home for Youth and The United Way of the Texas Gulf Coast. Heather Johnson chose Urban Business Initiative. Rebecca Skupin chose Stages Repertory Theatre. If you would like to make a donation to an eligible non-profit organization and have Enron match it dollar-for-dollar, please log onto cr.enron.com and then click on Matching Gift and VIP.   <Sep> Subject :  Enron Matching Gift Program Winners 
Email : Critical Migration Information:  1. Your scheduled Outlook Migration Date is THE EVENING OF : May 2nd 2. You need to press the "Save My Data" button (only once) to send us your pre-migration information. 3. You must be connected to the network before you press the button. 4. If a POP-UP BOX appears, prompting you to "ABORT, CANCEL OR TRUST SIGNER" please  select TRUST SIGNER. 5. Any information you Add to your Personal Address Book, Journal or calendar after you click on the button will need to be manually re-added into Outlook after you have been migrated. 6. Clicking this button does not complete your migration to Outlook. Your migration will be completed  the evening of your migration date. Failure to click on the button means you WILL NOT get your Calendar, Contacts, Journal and ToDo information imported into Outlook the day of your migration and could result in up to a 2 week delay to restore this information. If you encounter any errors please contact the resolution center @ 713-853-1411   <Sep> Subject :  3 - URGENT - TO PREVENT LOSS OF INFORMATION 
Email : <<MF September 6th 2001.pdf>>     Good Thursday Morning - Comments From The Local Guys! This morning, the non-manufacturing National Association of Purchasing Managers (NAPM) unexpectedly fell to 45.5 in August from 48.9 in July. New Orders fell to 45.9 from 48.6 (note that this component is not seasonally adjusted). The services that reported the most negative environment, according to this survey, were: communications, real estate and construction. Blending these data with the manufacturing NAPM, the total economy NAPM dropped to 46.0 from 47.8 in July. Tomorrow the Labor Department releases the employment data for August. Lehman Brothers expects a payroll gain of 28,000 new jobs in the non-farm sector. The 30 -year bond yield is 5.40%.   <Sep> Subject :  The Morning Market Call - Thursday September 6th, 2001. 
Email : Please forward this information to any one you know who might benefit from a better understanding of energy derivatives, gas-to-electricity arbitrage or electric power trading. The time is rapidly approaching for PGS Energy Training's October seminars in downtown Philadelphia and Houston. These are quality seminars that explain some pretty complicated subjects in plain English. (See seminar list below)   <Sep> Subject :  Energy Derivatives/Power Trading Seminars 
Email : Dear Jeff Skilling,  At Izhuta we firmly believe that technology implementation cannot be either effective or productive unless it is backed by real domain knowledge-an understanding of the customer's line of business. And this is what the Izhuta provides -- deep industry knowledge combined with a solid technological competence base. Our client list includes Software product companies, Service providers,National Energy companies,etc.,   <Sep> Subject :  IZHUTA a Leading Solution Provider 
Email : The deadline for reservations for the September ACG luncheon is fast approaching. If you have not made your reservations, do so today. ****************************************************  TOPIC:           The New Reality of Private Equity SPEAKER:     Jack Furst, Partner - Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst  DATE/TIME:    Tuesday, September 11, 2001 at 11:30 a.m. LOCATION:     Houston Club, 811 Rusk (New Location)  RSVP:            By 5:00 p.m., Friday, September 7, 2001 (see info below)  COSTS:          Members with a reservation by the deadline: $25                        Guest accompanying a member: $30                        Walk-ins and guests without reservations: $40                        Credit card required for reservations; no shows will be billed. Buyout and investment firm Hicks, Muse, Tate & Furst of Dallas, which declared last November that it would make no new venture investments, has also decided it will not provide follow-on financings to any of the dozen startups it has already backed. It's part of the New Reality of Private Equity that Jack Furst will discuss at the September 11 lunch.   <Sep> Subject :  ACG September Luncheon - REMINDER 
Email : (Please accept our apologies if you've already completed the Energy Industry Survey. Send a reply with "Did it" in the subject line to avoid future reminder messages.) Dear Energy Industry Executive,  YOUR INPUT IS VERY VALUABLE. Over the past week or so, you've been invited to participate in a very important survey that will significantly improve the information products available to you in the power and energy industry. Because we haven't heard from you yet, we're adding more prizes to encourage participation. There are now 12 prizes you could win; we've added 4 more inducements to the original 8 prizes. YOUR CHANCE OF WINNING IS HUGE. We're hoping to draw a total of 200 respondents from this sector of the industry. When we receive your fully completed questionnaire, your e-mail address will one among 30 in a drawing that could bring you one of the 12 prizes. Those odds aren't bad at all! The prizes include:   <Sep> Subject :  Last Chance - - Energy Industry Survey  Due in By Friday! 
Email : Enron Energy Services has one single entry point for all customer leads and service issues - The EES Business Center. Your assistance is requested in routing all retail customer calls to this center. The Business Center can manage general customer service requests or provide information on EES product offerings. The number for the EES Business Center is 800-337-7837 (800-EES-SVCS) or internally, calls can be transferred to x59390. E-Mail address is: EESBusinessCenter@enron.com  Thank you for taking the time to route these calls appropriately. Your assistance is critical to Enron's customer acquisition success and to ensure our customers' satisfaction.   <Sep> Subject :  Routing of Calls to EES Business Center 
Email : Interested in learning more about the fun and convenience of on-line stock trading? Join EFCU for our On-Line Stock Trading Brown Bag. WHO:  Joel Spry of Star Financial Network  will discuss the basics of on-line trading and EFCU's trading program. WHEN:  Friday, September 14, 2001 11:30 - 12:30  WHERE:  EB 5C2  RSVP:  joy.wagman@enron.com   Refreshments will be provided.   <Sep> Subject :  On-Line Stock Trading Brown Bag 
Email : All:  Ken Rice has suggested that we schedule an evening to get together in the near future. Sherri and I have determined that earliest date would be the first week of October. Please let me know your availability the first two weeks of October and I'll get this scheduled. The attendees would be:  Jeff Skilling/Sherri Sera Ken Rice/Dorothy Dalton Kevin Hannon/Carol Brown Cliff Baxter/Susan Skarness  Please note:  this e:mail address will only work through next Monday (9/10/01) after that date, please reply to ddalton34@aol.com. Thanks!   <Sep> Subject :  Get Together 
Email : eSource Presents Northern Light Training  Introduction to Northern Light  Harness the power of Northern Light at your desktop! Northern Light is a business research engine providing simultaneous access to over 300 million Web pages and a Special Collection of 7,000 full-text business research publications, including newspapers, journals, books, magazines, newswires, and reference sources. Current news from over 50 worldwide newswires is updated every few minutes. You will learn how to navigate through the Northern Light site, how to access the Special Collection, and how to set up custom folders and Search Alerts that are specific to your business. Attend one of our Introduction to Northern Light Clinics:       September 11   8:30 - 9:30 AM  EB564 September 11   9:45 - 10:45 AM  EB564 September 11 11:00 - 12:00 PM EB564       Seats fill up fast! To reserve a seat, please call Stephanie E. Taylor at 5-7928  The Cost is $25.00 Per Person No Shows will be charged $50.00  ? Please bring your Northern Light login ID and password. If you don't have one, a guest ID will be provided. ? To obtain a FREE Northern Light password, email Stephanie E. Taylor with your name, extension, company number, and cost center to stephanie.e.taylor@enron.com. Northern Light passwords allow you to access and download Special Collection documents.   <Sep> Subject :  Northern Light and World Markets Energy Training 
Email : <<MF September 4th 2001.pdf>>     Good Tuesday Morning - Comments From The Local Guys! Last week, the markets got so oversold, that the ARMS Index (a technical market measure that, broadly speaking, indicates how oversold the market is), closed above 2.00 on two consecutive days for the first time since Oct. 16 and 19, 1987!! It is, apparently, one of the rarest occurrences in the world of technical analysis. As we said, it has been 14 years since the the markets generated such a reading. The NYSE is currently rallying however, tech is still struggling. Lets hope today's strength translates broadly across all sectors. The 30 -year bond yield is 5.49%.   <Sep> Subject :  The Morning Market Call - Tuesday September 4th, 2001. 
Email : Gentlemen:  We have had to slightly change the forum retreat meeting with Bill Evans to the following:    Wednesday 10/24 Start meeting at 12 PM (noon) through 5:00 pm   Thursday 10/25  Start meeting at 8:00 AM through 5:00 pm   Friday 10/26  Start meeting at 8:00 AM and end at 12:00 pm (noon)  We had originally scheduled to meet all day Wednesday and all Thursday. Paul Murphy has a board meeting on Wednesday morning and could not make it until after lunch. We decided to start the meeting on Wednesday at noon (with lunch) and end on Friday at noon. We have booked hotel rooms at The Houstonian for 2 nights (Wednesday and Thursday). Please advise by email if this will work with your schedules. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.   <Sep> Subject :  Forum II - Retreat (The Houstonian) 
Email : Michael had a mild stroke Wednesday am. He is at St Luke's and is recovering well. Probably not a good idea to contact Susan now. More to follow.   <Sep> Subject :  Michael Jihn 
Email : Dear HBS Alumni: See the New Houston METRO Train! Please join the HBS Club for a luncheon with Robert Miller, the Chairman of METRO on Wednesday, September 19th. METRO was created in 1978 and currently has over 3600 employees. METRO plays a major role in construction projects throughout Houston and is involved in the $250 million Downtown/Midtown Transit Street project. Robert Miller will be discussing the long-term plan for METRO and highlighting the new light rail system. There will be a short video on the project followed by a presentation by Robert Miller. SPEAKER:    Robert Miller, Chairman METRO   <Sep> Subject :  HBS September 19th Luncheon with Robert Miller, Chairman METRO 
Email : Hi Jeff,  Today's most challenging business and technical problems require and generate mountains of data. Managing this data explosion has become an incredibly complex task. New implementations always require moving data from the legacy system into the new application. Products, components, customers, vendors and employee data - everything must be moved. And it doesn't always come from just one place. Sometimes data from multiple systems must be moved to one big 'integrated solution'. The issues involved in data cleansing, formatting, converting and preparing for upload are so time consuming and so exacting that it makes sense to outsource select components of the project to an established firm with extensive experience in data migration! How do you meet this challenge? Live TechSolutions  Whether your need is for continuous sharing of information between single or multiple source and target entities, networks, applications or systems, or a one-time data conversion from your legacy system, our team has the experience and software utilities to convert and migrate data with incredible speed, precision and security. Strategy > Analyze > Design > Test > Implement > Maintain  Live TechSolutions team minimizes the time, your valuable staff needs, to devote to solve application integration issues or to transfer critical data from existing software applications to new applications. Our disciplined approach and demonstrated success in meeting deadlines with sensitive data is reflected in our refined methodologies and "best of breed" tools. Our solutions seamlessly interface legacy systems to maintain "mission critical" functionality while integrating necessary information sharing. Live TechSolutions is an industry leader in data migration and transformation services. We have helped hundreds of companies transition from a legacy software system to a variety of ERP, HR, and Payroll systems. Jeff, Please let me know of a convenient time to contact you and schedule a more in depth conversation about our Data Migration Services. Regards   <Sep> Subject :  Migrate to a more Scalable Database 
Email : Dear Sir,  As you know Lehman Brothers is one of the most prestigious investment banks on Wall Street. On a regular basis Lehman brings new companies public in many industries. One area that has received great interest lately is Master Limited Partnerships. These vehicles generally have high yields (in the 10% range) with tax advantages. In today's environment of low interest rates that is extremely attractive. If you would like to learn more the next time we offer one by prospectus please e-mail or call. All the best! !   <Sep> Subject :  Master Limited Partnerships 
Email : Jeff,   I will be heading out to Macerich's offices to meet Macerich's management team. At that meeting, we will be discussing the outsource and the future relationship between the companies. He would also like me to speak to his direct reports about change management and other cultural characteristics of Enron. However, he would really like you to provide a presentation on the same general topics to the Macerich Company Conference in June. He has heard you speak and believes your approach and perspective can benefit the conference. Obviously, these guys are an important relationship and reference for our commercial and real estate business. Let me know your interest. Regards   <Sep> Subject :  Macerich Conferences 
Email : Mr. Skilling,  In view of the market and economy today,  the fact that my firm is taking aggressive steps to enable our clients might be of interest to you. Please take a moment to view amscsearch.com and look at the 'In the News' section. Perhaps this will entice you to invite us to become a contributing part of the Enron team. Most sincerely,  Kelly Crescenti Vice President AMS Crescenti, Inc. amscsearch.com kelly@amscsearch.com <mailto:kelly@amscsearch.com>   <Sep> Subject :  News Release 
Email : Harvard University Club of Houston - Harvard Forum "Pathways to Success:  What it Takes to Move from Dorm Room to Board Room in Two Easy Decades" Dinner and Discussion Club Following upon the rousing success of the Club's first Harvard Forum "Raising Children of Character in A World of Affluence," the Harvard Club of Houston is conducting another Harvard Forum. We plan to have three during the current academic year. For those of you unfortunate enough to have missed the first Forum, the format works like this:  we'll have dinner, and then a panel of Harvard grads will give brief introductions to the evening's topic from their perspective, and then we will all engage the topic for ourselves in a moderated discussion. The panel members will be knowledgeable, but not so expert that anyone will be intimidated. They will, however, be provocative to assure that the subsequent conversation is lively. You will come away knowing your fellow Club members better than ever - maybe better than you ever wanted. We hope that the topic we've picked for the second Forum will be captivating to recent and older alumni alike. Our panelists will cover the spectrum of vocational experience, not all business people; and you might argue whether some even have a vocation. Some will identify the critical factors in achieving success, while others will argue that all personal planning is an exercise in self-delusion. We are confident that the discussion will be informative and lively. Because of the format, only the first 40 people can be accepted. We had to turn away people last time, so please respond promptly, as indicated below. When:    Saturday, September 22, 7:30 p.m. Where:   Briar Club, 2603 Timmons (East Briar Room) Cost:      $35.00 per person Reservations:  Email dottie@kerr-solutions.com or call 281/424-3084  (Payment must be made at time of reservation by credit card or mailing check to 3413 Cobblestone Lane, Baytown, TX 77521-1956.) For further information, contact David Grizzle (david_grizzle@yahoo.com or 713-324-2966) or Danguole Spakevicius (danguole@fempartners.com or 713-665-4218). =================== Dottie Kerr (harvardclub@kerr-solutions.com) Administrator for Harvard Club of Houstonwww.harvardclubofhouston.org   <Sep> Subject :  Harvard Forum - September 22, 2001 
Email : Dear Active Trader: StreetSmart Pro was built for you-one of our most active traders. It's packed with powerful tools to help you zero in on opportunities in any market conditions, and designed to help you act fast when you're ready to trade. StreetSmart Pro gives you:   <Sep> Subject :  Download Your Free Copy of StreetSmart Pro 
Email : Jeff,  Just got off the phone with Chuck. He gave me this corporate e-mail for you. From the press releases I've read, it sounds as if you will be consulting with Enron for some time to come. As you might remember, I run a professional alliance within Smith Barney that designs and coordinates financial strategies for people like yourself. Our team appeals to clients who want an independent source of financial advise, but need the vast resources of a Citigroup. Our experience in working with highly successful executives and entreprenuers, has been that periods of transition often provide a great opportunity to assess one's position and direction. Your financial goals are of course , an intregal part of any such review. We are uniqely qualified, experienced and committed to serving the highly affluent private client. I dropped the ball after our conversation last year but would love to have the opportunity to hear your plans for the future and whether or not we could be of service to you. Should I call Sherri Sera at he office to set an appointment? Just let me know what you would recommend. Hope all is well. Mark Paul   <Sep> Subject :  Planning a meeting 
Email : Jeff:  I heard about your departure from Enron two weeks ago. I was very surprised. It must have been a very difficult decision for you as I know how much of your heart and soul your poured into transforming Enron into the preeminent company that it is now. I hope that you are very proud of what you accomplished over the past 12+ years. I have never come across a management team that even approaches the quality of you, John Esslinger, Ken Lay and Rich Kinder. I have also never come across a business visionary anywhere near you and I expect that I, and everybody else, will see you accomplish great things again. But whatever you do, I hope that this message finds you feeling well and happy. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Joe Pokalsky calling 
Email : Jeff:  This is just a quick "head's up" to advise you that I am no longer retired and am CEO of an energy information start-up, Genscape, Inc., based in Louisvllle. Two founders (32 year olds) left power trading positions to pursue the development of technology able to measure the electric and magnetic fields emanating from high-voltage lines connected to power plants. They were successful and can now translate those measurements into highly accurate estimates of transmission line load and direction and from that make a highly accurate estimate of a power plant's generating status. The information is delivered to customers via Internet on a real-time basis. Genscape will by year end have built a monitoring network capable of monitoring 250+ plants or startegic transmission points in the Continental U.S.  Genscape's initial customers are energy trading companies and subsequent customers will be power generators, transmission and distribution operators, insurers, fuel suppliers and transporters, regulators and wholesale power consumers. The reason for the "head's up" at this time is that I'll be meeting with Scott Tholan of your staff on Tuesday, May 1, to review Genscape's product.   <Sep> Subject :  David Doctor/Genscape, Inc. 
Email : Dear Brothers, It was good to see everyone make the trek to central Oklahoma to launch Dent's book. The Daily Oklahoman published a brief story that suggested Dent had made up a bunch of lies about Saint Bud Wilkinson steppin out on the old lady. Around here, that's like saying the Pope likes it up the ass. Needless to say, the Sooner faithful were slightly chapped and the university canceled their offer to host the signing party at our new museum. Fuck 'em. Who wants to drink beer in a dusty old museum anyway? Del, sorry I couldn't make the party but I did get to see Cdie, Grumbles , Strange, Woody, Benson, PP, and Space for dinner. My favorite part was the full-volume discussion of who had the biggest penis (next to Benson, of course). Typical urology shit. The family next to us failed to recognize a medical discussion amongst professionals. Speaking of Benson, he was worried that his erections might crater all of a sudden just like his near vision has recently done. I assured him that this was extremely unlikely but, in his case, he'd better hope that his cardiac output remains high or else he's liable to pass out every time he gets a hard on. B. Miller   <Sep> Subject :  [smu-betas] Dent pisses on Bud Wilkinson's grave 
Email : As you perhaps will have read in today's "Houston Chronicle," Texas Children's Health Plan has sent the Texas Health and Human Services Commission a notice of termination of our participation as a contractor in the Children's Health Insurance Program known as CHIP. The decision to send the notice of termination was made after we were informed by the HHSC of a new individual member premium rate that would cause the already substantial losses we have incurred from the CHIP program to grow even more rapidly. To date, the CHIP program in Texas Children's Health Plan has recorded a $9.7 million loss. The new rate is predicted to cause an additional $16 million loss over the next year. Texas Children's Wants to Continue in The CHIP Program  Even though we sent the HHSC a notice of termination, we continue to negotiate with them in good faith. We began these negotiations nine months ago, in December, 2000. That was when we realized the program, only six months old at that time, had been designed without appropriate provisions to cover the medical costs of caring for children with catastrophic and chronically devastating conditions and illnesses. One of the main reasons more than 48,000 CHIP families have chosen Texas Children's Health Plan as their CHIP provider is that we are able to care for the sickest children. In fact, we are the only provider in the state who has the medical, surgical, nursing and other allied health services to care for scores of serious pediatric conditions and diseases. This is not bragging; it is fact. What it means is that Texas Children's is experiencing significantly higher costs in its CHIP program as we respond to the medical needs of many very sick children in the CHIP program. It is very important for all of us to know that Texas Children's Health Plan specifically and the Texas Children's Hospital Integrated Delivery System very sincerely want to remain in the CHIP program. We were totally supportive of its creation by the Texas legislature and continue to believe the program fills a crucial void in providing health care to children who otherwise would not receive it. Texas Children's Is Not Alone in This Dilemma  It is also important to tell you that all the other CHIP contractors in the state are experiencing losses from their participation in the CHIP program. In fact, the Health and Human Services Commission itself has confirmed that cumulative losses in all the CHIP programs in the state from May, 2000 when the program began, to June, 2001 total $38 million. We are relatively confident that both our past loss, which is 25 percent of the total, statewide CHIP loss, as well as our projected losses are larger than those of any other program. Again, this is because of the large number of very seriously ill patients Texas Children's has in its CHIP membership. We Pledge Our Best Efforts to Find a Solution  I want you to know that Texas Children's Health Plan and the Texas Children's Hospital Integrated Delivery System will continue to do everything possible to find a solution to this situation. In fact, Texas Children's Health Plan has retained two independent, third-party actuaries who are working to validate both Texas Children's Health Plan CHIP data as well as data developed by the Health and Human Services Commission. We recognize the CHIP program is still a young program whose complexities have yet to be completely understood. We know it can be improved in many aspects and will dedicate ourselves to helping identify those improvements. Texas Children's Hospital Will Continue to Care for CHIP Children  Once again, let me repeat that Texas Children's Health Plan is negotiating with the Health and Human Services Commission in good faith to remain a provider in the CHIP program. However, if the Texas Children's Health Plan is unable to reach an economically viable settlement on appropriate premiums to cover the care of our very sick CHIP members, Texas Children's Hospital will still care for them if they require treatment or hospitalization. Because above all, we remain steadfast to our mission of providing the finest possible pediatric patient care to any child who needs us. Thank you very much for your continued support. Mark  Mark A. Wallace President and Chief Executive Officer Texas Children's Hospital   <Sep> Subject :  Texas Children's Hopes to Remain in The CHIP Program 
Email : Mr. Skilling,  I am sending information to the printer this afternoon for our new brochure and picture book for The Business Council. I was wondering if we should just list you as a Graduate member and list you as Former President & CEO of Enron Corp. and keep the same business address and phone numbers. Please let me know asap. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Business Council brochure and picture directory 
Email : Hello, Jeff,  I just wanted to let you know that I'll be at a mandatory Values meeting (you remember those, right?) from 2:00 to 4:00 pm. EST and will be back in the office by 5:00 p.m.  Hope this doesn't mean we miss one another. If there's a problem, please e-mail or call me with a number you can be reached at today/tonight and I'm happy to contact you at a time of your convenience. Warm Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  McKinsey NewsNetwork interview 
Email : Jeff,  If what I hear is true about your retirement, let me be one of the first to offer heartfelt congratulations. I've never quite understood people that basically work right up to the grave. It always seemed to me (and now I'm finding out its true) that there are just way too many things to do, books to read, people to meet, places to go, etc., etc., to work 80 hour weeks for 50 years. When I first read about it, I thought that maybe you and Rebecca had flipped a coin and she lost. (She had told me that if the two of you got engaged, one of you would have to quit.) If you really are planning to retire, let me offer some advice. On my odyssey I've noticed a couple of humps I had to get over. The first one hit me at about ten days. All of a sudden I had the stupid impression that I should find something constructive to do. After a couple of days, the feeling went away. However it did come back at about the 4 week mark. Once again, I was able to come to my senses. I think I may have permanently suppressed the feeling at this point. Unfortunately, now that I really do have to go back to work, I can't seem to get too motivated. Oh well, maybe, if nothing else, I have learned not to work 80 hour weeks ever again. Best of luck and tell my sister hi. Steve   P.S. I have sketched you a raised timber platform, with a small cabin in the center (for those that think they need indoor plumbing, etc.) If you find a place to put it, I want to build it. P.P.S. I just finished the first two volumes of Caro's L.B.J. biography. Extremely interesting if you're looking for reading mat'l.   <Sep> Subject :  Congrats!!! 
Email : I can't imagine the volume of fan mail on your exit, so I'll be brief. Just returned from an unplugged vacation to read the surprising/intriguing news. 3 comments:  1. The Times tells me you're engaged. A thousand blessings on your heads. (I always wished I were Jewish but couldn't qualify on taste or IQ). 2. I've told people that  you are my business hero for several years now. It seems a little unfair that you would now vie for the "personal life" hero as well, so I'll hold that title in abeyance for the moment. It goes without saying that if there were ever any way to work together, the firm (not that firm) and I would be honored. 3. On the trip back, I've been reading Katharine Graham's autobiography. Apparently, she slept a lot with Adlai Stevenson, another wicked smart guy. His most widely used quote at "retirement": "I'd just like to lie under a tree with a glass of wine and watch people dance." They say he was too smart to be President. All the best.   <Sep> Subject :  well.... 
Email : Hi Sue and Mark! We followed your flight until it was 4 hours from Istanbul on the computer. It was about 11 PM when I finally stopped. I checked the flight four times. the first time you were 877miles ENE of Portland, Maine doing 460 knots at 29,00o feet. You were a little late leaving Kennedy as takeoff was 6:11PM NY time. I wasn't up for Istanbul arrival but figured you should be close to schedule on landing. Hope the flight was a smooth one and I hope you got some sleep. Say hello to Sukran for us and tell her we love her. Mother and I are saying prayers for all of you and Our thoughts will be with you all weekend. LOTS of LOVE and KISSES   MOTHER and DAD       PS to SUE:  Thank you for making the trip.   <Sep> Subject :  Welcome to Turkey 
Email : Meet Orlando Sanchez at the HBS Breakfast Club! Dear HBS Alumni: Join the Harvard Business School Club of Houston Breakfast Club at its fall kickoff meeting on Thursday, September 6, 2001 at 7:00 am at the River Oaks Country Club. Orlando Sanchez, Houston City Council member and November mayoral candidate will be the guest  speaker. The HBS Breakfast Club started last November and was a tremendous success. It provides alumni the opportunity to network, establish friendships and discuss topics in an informal setting. Topics are determined at the first meeting of each session and speakers are invited to one or two breakfasts during the session. The Club meets the first and third Thursday each month from 7:00 to 8:30 am at the River Oaks Country Club. This year the Breakfast Club will be expanded to have fall, spring and summer sessions. The cost for the fall and spring sessions is $150 each and the cost for the summer session is $60. Non-Breakfast Club members and guests can attend for $23. If you are not already a Breakfast Club member come and see for yourself why this is such a great program. The Breakfast Club is an ideal way to meet and get to know fellow HBS alumni. SPEAKER:   Orlando Sanchez, Houston Mayoral Candidate   <Sep> Subject :  HBS Breakfast Club and Sept. 6 Meeting with Orlando Sanchez 
Email : Jeff, Now that the dust has started to settled (only slightly), I just want to write this note to wish you well. There are times when looking out for #1 is of paramount importance. While we are not in touch with one another to any great extent, I do empathize with you on the strains that you must have encountered over the last few years! Actually, I probably have no conception of the strain and pressure! Nonetheless, I hope we can remain in touch. To the extent that can help in any way (and I don't mean to be presumptuous), I would be delighted to do so. Best regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Wishing You Well! 
Email : Dear Mr. Skilling: Just a quick little note. I would very much like to talk to you when you get a chance. My guess is that you will probably be taking some time off for awhile. When you do have some time, please give me a call. I specialize in the finance(VC and Investment Banks) arena and would love to present someone of your caliber to them. That is of course, if you are interested in possibly going into that arena. Sincerely   <Sep> Subject :  future plans 
Email : Thank you for registering for Miles-By-Night! Remember, you can continue earning 500 bonus miles each night you stay through April 30, 2001. That's in addition to the miles you may already earn if you're a frequent flyer member! Miles-By-Night bonus airline miles are available at more than 140 participating Westin Hotels & Resorts(R), Sheraton Hotels & Resorts(R), St. Regis(R), The Luxury Collection(R) and W Hotels(R) in the U.S.  Plus when you stay at any of our nine New York City (Manhattan) hotels, you'll receive 1,000 bonus miles a night!   <Sep> Subject :  Keep Earning 500 Bonus Miles Every Night! 
Email : Through YPO International, we got a membership inquiry from Rick Barsky, CEO of Agennix(don't know what company does). He apparently used to work at Enron. Bio says he was involved in start up of Enron Renewable Energy Corp. and Enron Solar. Any input you can give us on this guy?   <Sep> Subject :  Membership question 
Email : Dear Jeff:  I read in the newspaper that you have decided to leave Enron. I'm sure you are receiving thousands of letters like mine from many admirers everywhere. As I said to you on other occasions, I truly enjoyed serving on your committee to select the new fire chief. Your talents and natural gifts are so great that not having you at Enron will clearly be a huge loss for that company and the rest of us in the Houston community. Best of luck and Godspeed in your next endeavor. As I said to you the last time we spoke, I still would like to find some way to be on your team in the future. - Roel   <Sep> Subject :  Farewell 
Email : Jeff,   Just wanted to let you know that you did a great job as CEO. I don't think Enron would be in position to have a goal of being the world's leading company without you and all you have done for Enron. I read you recently became engaged. Congradulations! That's exciting news. Maybe that played a role in your decision. It will be great to have more time to spend with her. I also read that the Teeside incident was the last straw. That is good to know that we had such a sensitive and caring leader. That will be missed. Best wishes for you and your finance'. I'll be praying for you. Greg Rye   <Sep> Subject :  You did a great job as CEO 
Email : Jeff,  Can you connect me with the right person at Enron? We (Novient) are a software company that provides Service Process Optimization (SPO) soluitons. Our products allow you to search your organization for the right individuals with the appropriate skills, proficiencies and availability to staff positions on projects and engagements. We additionally provide a real-time web based collaboration and project management application to assist companies succesfully managing projects, tasks and engagements. Novient provides a powerful vendor management solution with our partner CascadeWorks. Our clients include Chevron, Cisco, SAP, NASA, Hewlett-Packard, Accenture, Computer Sciences Corporation, Nortel Networks, and Manugistics. Is there someone at Enron you think I should be talking to? Any assistance would be greatly appreciated. By the way, feel free to visit our web site at www.novient.com. regards ,   <Sep> Subject :  mgmt question 
Email : I have wanted to write you a note for several days, but you don't know me. However, I do know how much you care about others and thought you would receive this in the context it is given. I am Mark Palmer's assistant and have had the fortune of seeing you "in action," if only for a short time. I wanted you to know how well-respected and admired you are "among the troops" and after having worked on the trading floor, your reputation is unmatched. You are the kind of "general" who gets in the trenches with his troops and one that many will follow into war - without hesitation. When you came down to personally wish Mark a happy 40th birthday, it sent a message to everyone - you were one of us and you truly cared about us. Enron would not be Enron today without your decade of leadership. You've chosen the path countless others wish they had the opportunity to do - to be with your family when it matters. It is your family who will make the chicken soup and be with you Christmas morning. Best wishes for a happy and healthy life. Jody Underwood   <Sep> Subject :  Best Wishes 
Email : Jeffrey...  Hope your transition to your next endeavor is smooth and you get some time to relax and enjoy your past work efforts. While you are relaxing by the pool, maybe you could read some of the attached documents and consider becoming an advisor to our Company? I realize that our business model is out of your industry focus but we believe you have the expertise and knowledge of corporate management to help us. On a side note, our Chairman/CEO, Eliot Barton, spent 10 years in the oil business in Colorado. Maybe you will also find our project a nice diversion from everything you've been through lately. I would like to introduce you to EventAmerica, the event entertainment marketplace (to be). We plan on becoming the dominate brand in "individual" VIP hospitality, the dominate brand for event information on the Web and have a cable network idea to wrap all around our vision. We also have a great foundation idea that will act as a "sister" corporation and help us "give back" and build our brand even stronger. We envision a global rollout of our model. We truly believe we can be a top entertainment company with an expansive global presence. We want to be the "best" to market, not the fastest, etc. Hopefully you are a sports enthusiast and may have attended several events whereby you can relate to what we are going to offer our customers. If you get a chance, please see the website of one of our new advisors, Jeff Cable, at www.prosportmktg.com. Jeff is going to introduce us to Joe Montana and several other athletes and will take our business plan directly to Harris Barton of www.championventures.com.   <Sep> Subject :  EventAmerica Intro & Offer 
Email : Jeff,   Congratulations!--on  your amazing successes and your uncanny ability to make good  decisions. I've always held you in the highest regard for being the  smartest person I ever worked with. I'm certain it's been a tough few  weeks as you wrestled with your choice. In a small way I can relate and if  others were willing to speak out you would find that you're far from  alone.   <Sep> Subject :  Passages 
Email : <<MF May 1st 2001.pdf>>    Good Tuesday Morning - Comments From The Local Guys! The National Association of Purchasing Managers report for April this morning was essentially unchanged versus March. The actual number was 43.2. Any number below 50 indicates that the manufacturing sector is still contracting. So, while this contraction is still in effect, it does seem as if the inventory drawdown is continuing apace, which is a positive. The 30-year US T-Bond yield is 5.72%. The 10-year yield is 5.28%. The 5-year is trading at 4.83%. Spot crude oil is trading at $28.85 p/b. Natural Gas - Henry Hub -  is trading at $4.70 p/mcf. AD Time:  New Federal Insider-Trading Rule (Rule 10b5-1) have been adopted by the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. This rule greatly enhances an insider's/employee's ability to trade his/her corporate shares during blackout periods. Previously, without the protection of this new SEC rule, employees and insiders could safely trade only outside of designated blackout windows. Under this new rule, insiders/employees may have the ability to purchase and sell their corporate shares even during blackout periods if a written plan was established and in force when the insider/employee was not in possession of material, non-public information. The new rule contains other restrictions and should be reviewed carefully. Lehman Brothers has established a turn-key plan that take into account the regulatory procedures for establishing such a plan. Please email us or call us for more information. Lehman Brothers' Research.   <Sep> Subject :  The Morning Market Call - Tuesday May 1st, 2001. 
Email : Hello, Jeff,  I know you must be quite busy with calls for interviews following your recent announcement that you were leaving Enron. However, I'm hoping if you have a moment today, you could provide 2 or 3 quotes about your decision and where you're heading next for McKinsey & Company's internal news Web site, NewsNetwork, which has loyal readership across our Firm. Our upcoming deadline is tomorrow afternoon in time for our Monday, August 20 edition. Given that we covered you once before on NN (see article below) we believe this article would make for an important and worthy follow up. I will take the liberty of calling you today to ensure you received this message. Thank you in advance for your time and consideration. Warm Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  A few quotes for McKinsey's internal NewsNetwork? 
Email : Jeff,  Like everyone else in the world, I was really surprised by your annoucement. I hope the personal issues that caused you to take this step fall into the category of "manageable" with more time and attention. Just wanted you to know that I am thinking about you. Best wishes, Les  +-------------------------------------------------------------+   <Sep> Subject :  Thinking about you 
Email : Hi Jeff:  I'd love to sit down and talk with you in more detail about your decision to leave Enron. If at any point you feel comfortable talking about it, how about doing so in the Chronicle? I'm sure you're aware of the speculation and rumors out there and how that's hurting the stock. Talking to me would be an opportunity for you to stop the negative chatter. Aside from that, I think there's a genuine interest in the community in your decision. I'm sure there are plenty of executives at other companies who would love to read to about it, and wish they had the guts to do what you did. End of pitch. Laura   <Sep> Subject :  Houston Chronicle interview 
Email : Dear Jeff:  I learned about your decision to resign from the CEO role at Enron. As a McKinsey alum who has watched you transform Enron from a pipeline operator to the world's foremost energy/trading company, it is hard for me to imagine Enron without you. Enron's strategies based on 'options thinking' and investments in growth options inspired my work on 'real options' which turned out to be the winner in McKinsey's worldwide Practice Olympics in 1995 (thought you might like a copy of an offshoot). I left McKinsey to join Morgan Stanley in 1997 and I am currently running KnowledgeCube, a venture capital firm with a couple of McKinsey alums such as Ali Hanna (Stamford) and some classmates from MIT. Our Advisors include the Heads of Entrepreneurship at MIT, Stanford, Harvard, CMU and Cornell. Our investors include Rajat Gupta of McKinsey, the CEO Hughes Networks and MDs from institutions such as AIG and CSFB. KnowledgeCube has just launched a $150M Energy Fund which would invest in IT companies that seek to enhance the productivity of the energy sector. We have partnered with some folks with global relationships and knowledge of the space including Lord Cecil Parkinson (Energy Secretary of UK). I was wondering if I could persuade you to be a part of the KnowledgeCube network as a Lead Partner, Advisor or Investor. I will arrange to send some more information on KnowledgeCube and the proposed Energy Fund to your home address if that is OK with you. I look forward to hearing from you. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  McKinsey alums/Energy Fund 
Email : Dear Jeff,  In case you do not recall my name, I organized the Conference series for PDVSA that hosted President Bush (41), Lou Noto, Harry Longwell, etc. in 96, James A Baker III, et. al. in 97 and Robert Mosbacher , Jeff Skilling and others in 98. Anyway, today after reading the Wall Street Journal, it could appear outright impertinent to contact you. I chose to believe exactly the opposite. Attached you will find an invitation to an interesting energy/ IT event. I think you will be able to judge the merits of attending on your own. I would like to take this opportunity to wish you all the best in your upcoming professional opportunities. Best regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Invitation--Tom Peters/Sapient Event 
Email : Jeff,  I just wanted to wish you well. I enjoyed working with you at Enron and gained a lot under your leadership. If I can be of assistance to you in any way, please feel free to contact me.   <Sep> Subject :  Best Wishes 
Email : Dear Jeff,      Had a send a note to tell you I'm thinking of you and hope you're well. Heard the news at work late yesterday (Wednesday). I don't know the details of this but it was a tough call, I'm sure, and I'm in your corner all the way. As I've told you, you have made all of us so proud and I love you very much. I know I'll learn more about all that's transpired but wanted you to know I'm thinking of you. This has undoubtedly been a period of much thought, soul searching and reflection. I'm going to get you up to Alaska, yet. Tried to interest Jeffrey during our January meeting. The region is just gorgeous! A Chicago Federal Appeals Court judge, of all people---a gentleman by the name of Frank   <Sep> Subject :  THINKING OF YOU..HOPE YOU'RE WELL 
Email : Jeff,  We met at moderators training in Dallas. I saw the announcement that you stepped down for personal reasons. Please do not forget your forum as they are a great resource at times like these. If you need an other trusting, confidential ear please do not hesitate to call me or one of the others you met at moderators training. Just a quick note to say good luck and you are not alone. Norman   <Sep> Subject :  We met @ YPO 
Email : Jeff,   Enron just lost one of the best  thinkers, innovators, doers, and people I've ever worked with. It is a great  loss for a company you've worked so hard to build up and I'm not sure they can  recover or prosper. I've still got a note to call  you and see if we can get together for dinner when I'm in Houston. I want to see  this house you've built and catch up. Let me know the best way to reach you  now. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  loss of a leader 
Email : Jeff - - -    Let me add to my best wishes for you and Rebecca that I conveyed the other night at Vallone's, my sincere hopes that the next post Enron-CEO phase of your life brings you personal happiness, fulfillment, fun and contentment. Although we often had different perspectives, my one-on-one sessions trying to get deals past you, while few in number, were some of the most stimulating and challenging I experienced here. I regret we never worked closely together - - you're the only really smart guy I've been unable to convince of/ demonstrate my value to in my working life. I think Ken Rice owes me for pissing you off and getting deselected to head the new US electricity efforts in '93! On a more somber note, I admired you for going over to Teeside last week to face the families. I can still remember vividly the faces, the destruction, the emotions in the hours after the San Juan Gas explosion in 1996. It was hard for awhile to get motivated to press ahead with the power/LNG project in the face of that tragedy and the distant thought that, gee, I'll be responsible for bringing the new facility to this island. Am I sure it won't kill people? If there was a catalyst or "straw" that tipped you across the line in asking how hard you're willing to fight just to keep doing the CEO job, instead of every other direction you could take your life, it wouldn't surprise me if the experience at Teeside was it. One changes, even if only subtly, after that kind of experience. Thanks for treating me civilly even when you were the most angry with the rest of EI. Good luck with your new marriage and the next phase of your life.   <Sep> Subject :  Best Wishes 
Email : Dear Jeff,  I was saddened to hear that you have decided to leave Enron. I couldn't help but reflect back to this past April when I had the opportunity to travel with you for two consecutive days to Harvard and NYU and remember the pearls of wisdom that you imparted about business on our flight. I will remember them always! I would like to wish you the best of luck in your future endeavors and thank you for a great two years that I have had with the A/A program here at Enron. I will find it a great honor if you feel that I can be of any assistance in the future. Thank you.   <Sep> Subject :  Thank you! 
Email : Jeff, you will be missed by many, many people here at Enron. I know that I and the rest of the internal communications team (Sarah and Courtney) will miss working with you and will miss your engaging management style. You helped us raise employee communications to a fresh new level, and you'll be a hard act to follow at floor meetings, breakfasts, videos, etc. I wish you the best in everything you do going forward. Have fun, take care and God bless.   <Sep> Subject :  Thanks for the memories 
Email : So I guess getting together for that beer is out? <smile>  Good luck to you and I hope you continue to have great success. Maybe I'll catch up with you on the next MS150!   <Sep> Subject :  Causal Chatting.... 
Email : Attached is a draft press release announcing Cliff's resignation. This is scheduled to be issued tomorrow, following the distribution of the internal memo. Please let me know if you have any comments or changes. Thank you.   <Sep> Subject :  Baxter Press Release 
Email : Dear Jeff,  I just wanted to let you know that you will be greatly missed here. Enron won't seem the same without you. There have been a few tears shed today, and I'll admit, a couple of them were mine. I've personally had a blast getting to know you over the past couple of years. I'll have an extra gin and tonic tonight in your honor. I wish you the very best in in all your new ventures. Just don't forget us little people! Hugs and cheers, Sarah. P.S. The least you could do is come down to the 47th floor to hug the Internal Communications girls goodbye and maybe sign a poster or two before you leave! :-)   <Sep> Subject :  Now that it's public...congratulations 
Email : Good Afternoon, Mr. Skilling. I just heard of your resignation. I wanted to personally "Thank You" for being such a positive influence for ALL the employees of Enron. You have always carried yourself as "Enron" and have helped placing a positive knowledge to the community of what Enron and its employee's truly are. I wish you the best of luck in your future endeavors and in life in general. I am deeply saddened by this news that you are leaving, but can not help but feel happy for you. (as this was your decision)  May God Bless you. Best Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Best of Luck 
Email : It is with regret that I have to announce that Jeff Skilling is leaving Enron. Today, the Board of Directors accepted his resignation as President and CEO of Enron. Jeff is resigning for personal reasons and his decision is voluntary. I regret his decision, but I accept and understand it. I have worked closely with Jeff for more than 15 years, including 11 here at Enron, and have had few, if any, professional relationships that I value more. I am pleased to say that he has agreed to enter into a consulting arrangement with the company to advise me and the Board of Directors. Now it's time to look forward. With Jeff leaving, the Board has asked me to resume the responsibilities of President and CEO in addition to my role as Chairman of the Board. I have agreed. I want to assure you that I have never felt better about the prospects for the company. All of you know that our stock price has suffered substantially over the last few months. One of my top priorities will be to restore a significant amount of the stock value we have lost as soon as possible. Our performance has never been stronger; our business model has never been more robust; our growth has never been more certain; and most importantly, we have never had a better nor deeper pool of talent throughout the company. We have the finest organization in American business today. Together, we will make Enron the world's leading company. On Thursday at 10:00 a.m. Houston time, we will hold an all employee meeting at the Hyatt. We will broadcast the meeting to our employees around the world where technically available, and I look forward to seeing many of you there.   <Sep> Subject :  Organizational Announcement 
Email : Jeff,  I hope the information below will be of benefit you your efforts. Please review and pass to the appropriate people. The risks associated with data-intensive information technology projects are overwhelming. The business and IT people responsible for working with corporate data often discover that it is poorly documented, unreliable, and spread out among different computing environments. Data-specific projects like e-business, merger & acquisition-related business systems consolidation, data warehousing, customer relationship management, supply chain management, business intelligence, etc often fall short of the benefits they were designed to provide. In addition:  "The amount of data that most organizations have created and the inconsistencies that exist in that data make it more of a liability than an asset." The Gartner Group  "Only 17% of corporate projects that require integration, migration or consolidation of data succeed. 83% of these initiatives either over run or fail. The key reason being a lack of understanding of the source data." The Standish Group  Evoke Software's AXIO product suite enables companies to accelerate and enhance their business initiatives and deployments of new applications. AXIO automates the analysis of corporate data residing in disparate systems across the enterprise. It discovers data relationships and dependencies and identifies data quality issues, inconsistencies between different systems housing similar information, and incompatibilities between data sources and target systems. The results of this process-accurate metadata about existing systems-are stored in the Evoke Repository and are used to develop accurate maps and transformation specifications that drive subsequent extract, transform and load or application integration processes. AXIO sometimes gets confused with data cleansing and ETL Tools. Evoke's products do not move or cleanse your data. We provide the ground-zero analysis of data from any source to ensure the success of your data-specific projects and avoid costly re-work of data issues. The attached document explains the business reasons why companies like IBM, AT&T, Agilent and Kraft utilize our technology to reduce risk and increase time to market of their enterprise projects. Please review the document at your leisure. If you should have any questions please call me at (972) 383-1220. <<Accelerating Data Conversion Projects 06-12-01.doc>>  Sincerely,   <Sep> Subject :  Evoke Data Analysis & mapping 
Email : Respected Sirs:  This is Xafira Mendonsa, one of the nominees to your round table held on November 14, 2000. Just felt like writing these few lines telling you that - It was great being with you in Houston. Thanks so much for giving us the chance to work for your Company in India. It is really very depressing to see things going bad, but I love and treasure Enron very much and along with Enron you will always be remembered by each one of us. I have worked for this Company for 7 long years and it has been a home for me and for my family as my husband and son also work in the same project. How I wish this project would go on and on and I could retire in the same company. Unfortunately things are not rosy here anymore. However, I am opted to accept new challenges and jobs across the Enron Corp. world-wide - if given an opportunity. Here in Mumbai, I have been recently promoted from an Executibe Secretary to an Administration Officer. I request you to keep me in mind and give me a chance to serve the Company anywere outside India. Once again, I thank Enron for treating its employees so well and making us all feel important and wanted. I am proud to be associated with Enron and it is for that reason that I want to work for you till I retire.   <Sep> Subject :  Hello - From India -[Please Read] 
Email : Boys,     Brother Skilling is at it yet again. This time from the heartland at old 3058 Yale. As you can see, our chapter has decided to overlook Rocky's many, many trips to the roof in the early 70's and bestow a Distinguished Beta Award on his ass. I would think that any compromising pictures one might have of Brother Skilling would be extremely appropo for this occasion. I, for one, will be unable to attend due to the Redhead's and my 30th H.S. reunion in Corpus on that day, but if you have anything young Adrew M Carty could use, I'm certain he would appreciate. He's also obviously the contact arrange your presence there, should you be so inclined. Yours in -kai-,   <Sep> Subject :  [smu-betas] Fwd: Beta at SMU 
Email : My friends,  It is with some regret that I must tell you that I am leaving EBS & Enron as of Aug. 15th. I have learned a lot during my long tenure at EBS. Admittedly, some of what I've learned is how not to start a business; but I've also learned numerous positives around teamwork, management, setting goals, and defining new product markets. All in all, I have definitely come out of the experience enriched. What I regret the most is having to leave all of you. I believe very strongly in the role of good people in achieving greatness. And I have worked with some very brilliant, creative people while at EBS. All of you have, in one way or another, enriched my life and work. I really appreciate that. If I had a single wish before I left, I would like for Enron to better understand that to achieve greatness as a company, it is not sufficient to "will" it to occur. At a minimum, it requires the right people, with the right skills, and the right knowledge, in the right area, and at the right time. The key emphasis here is people. People can't guarantee success; but they are a necessary prerequisite. I will continue to be available till the 15th to transition any projects, knowledge, or whatever people need. And after the 15th, I will be around from time-to-time on a consulting basis with various Enron groups. My current plan is to stay in the Houston area for the foreseeable future, primarily consulting and working with various organizations to support entrepreneurship in the area. Please feel free to contact me at any time to talk on any topic. I'll leave you with one of my favorite quotes:   "We cannot direct the wind, but we can adjust the sails"  Thank you.   <Sep> Subject :  Closing Remarks 
Email : Jeff,  I am a cofounder of Inknowvator Inc. I live in Houston, actually Gene Humphrey is my next door neighbor. Our new Idea Manager solution was recently selected by  Xcelerator to identify, develop and select new ventures. This was put on hold following the recent management change. Oddly enough, the Knowledge Management group, then housed in EES, also thought  we were the "best thing since sliced bread" and wanted to bring us in as an Enron corporate offering. As you know, that group was disbanded. I was interested in your participation in the Revolutionaries Ball. We are in discussions with Gary Hamel's company, Strategos. It turned out that we have very similar clients and our software solution can be a natural enabler for Strategos's approach to innovation (Halliburton is our latest corporate innovation client). Also, we can  target our solution at venture management (Xcelerator), M&A (Chevron-Texaco) and new service development (Schlumberger). I believe that we are an ideal solution for Enron to identify and develop new business ventures, to enhance current products and services,  and to share ideas and learnings across the company. I would like to meet with you to discuss our solution   I look forward to hearing from you. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Inknowvator Inc. & Revolutionaries Ball 
Email : Jeff,   On Saturday, September 29th, I am being honored with the National Multiple Sclerosis  Society's Hope  Award during their  annual Maxine Mesinger Dinner of  Champions event. This award is beinggiven to me due to the hard work and  dedication that BMC Software  employees have shown this great cause through the years. I understand that you were the recipient of this award last year, so you know  that the key to a successful event is the selection of the dinner  committee, which is then used to  build the invitation list and to build excitement for attending the event from  local leaders. Of course, the  key to successfully developing the dinner committee is the selection of the  Chairman of the committee. I would be honored  if you would agree to serve as the Chairman of the dinner committee. You were  the first name that came to mind and the best person I could hope for to assure  a successful event. I am told that your personal time commitment would be  very minimal. It would require your attendance at the dinner event on  September 29th in downtown Houston. The dinner is typically from 7:00pm until 10:00pm,but the actual ceremony is less  than 30 minutes long with some brief comments by you and then an acceptance  speech given by yours truly. The primary obligation beyond attending the  event would be to allow us to use your name and signature in sending out the  invitations to the dinner committee members. I would provide you with a  recommended invitation list. The MS team would make sure that  your time and image would be well respected. Thank you Jeff,   <Sep> Subject :  MS Society Opportunity 
Email : A married couple is driving down the interstate doing 55 mph. The husband is behind the wheel. His wife looks over at him. "Honey, I know we've been married for 15 years, but, I want a divorce." The husband says nothing but slowly increases speed to 60 mph. "I don't want you to try to talk me out of it, because I've been having an affair with your best friend, and he's a better lover than you." Again the husband stays quiet and just speeds up as his anger increases. "I want the house also." Again the husband speeds up, and now is doing 75 mph. "I want the kids too." The husband just keeps driving faster and faster, now he's up to 85 mph. "And I want the car, the checking account, and all the credit cards." The husband slowly starts to veer toward a bridge overpass piling as the speedometer reaches 90 mph. "You're taking this incredibly calmly," the wife says. "Isn't there anything that you want?" "No, I have everything I need." "What's that?" "The airbag."   <Sep> Subject :  ... 
Email : Dear Mr. Skilling,         Thank you very much for taking the time to meet with me today. Joannie told me how extremely busy your schedule is, and I feel honored that you were willing to spare some of your time to get to know one of your interns;  it really says a lot. Best of wishes to you and your brother, and I hope that we get a chance to meet again...next year! Sincerely,   <Sep> Subject :  Thank You 
Email : Mr. Skilling,  I realize this message may seem quite unexpected, but I could not resist. It's been a long time since I knew you at FoxFire Cabins. Since then I have completed my undergraduate degree at Trinity University and recently my MBA at the University of Texas San Antonio. In my current job search for a marketing career, I found a marketing position open at Enron and applied for it. As I researched the company, one that I have watched in the past because of your connection, I saw that you are now President and CEO. Your success is quite remarkable. I just wanted to re-introduce myself to you as an adult and recent graduate and hope that somewhere in the future there may be an opportunity to work at Enron. Also, as a very successful MBA yourself, I welcome any advice you may provide a newcomer to the business world. Hope you are doing well with all your endeavors. Sincerely,   <Sep> Subject :  From FoxFire, To an MBA -- I've Come A Long Way 
Email : Mr. Skilling, Hopefully you are aware of some of the changes that have occurred here. On a corporate level, your people are in touch with our people and the services we provide Enron continue with no disruption. In fact, our technology people and some of our senior level executives are in town today from New York visiting with your people on how we can not only continue but improve and enhance the corporate services we provide Enron. You are a very important client and I'm confident you will be happy with everything we can do going forward. On your personal account, I have put contact information below on the team handling your personal account (s). Your brother Mark has been in contact with the team and has indicated he will be helping you on some of your personal assets going forward. For your protection,  we won't disclose anything to anybody without your written permission. UBS/PaineWebber looks forward to working with Enron in the future. If there is anything else we can do on a corporate level we are available. Joe Grano, the chairman of UBS/PaineWebber has expressed a personal interest in meeting with you at your convenience as have several other top executives. Let me know if you have a need, desire , or interest in such a meeting, no agenda on our side except for what we can do for you. I also want to express my confidence in the team I have assisting you on any personal funds. They are my best.   <Sep> Subject :  Corporate and Personal relationship 
Email : Good morning Mr. Skilling. When I arrive at work today the only e-mail I had was the EES Distribution, and my first though   was great my day is going to go well. When I open and realised it was an opportunity to ask you a  question, I though long and hard about it. The reasons being is that most of the little people in a company  of this size never really get their voices heard on any issue,  and being a contractor make it even harder  so why would this be any different. Another concern was,  will a person like yourself really have time in your  busy schedule to read and answer every e-mail, phone call all or written correspondence he receives from an employee. But Mr Skilling I am taking the chance that you yourself  can hear this voice . My question to you this morning is very important to me and I am quite sure to many others like myself. I would like to know  why is it that Enron spend so much money, training and time on contractors like myself, only to turn around and hire someone else to do the same job that the contractors are doing already. Wouldn't it be easier  and cheaper to offer the job to the contractor, or just give them the opportunity to accept or decline the offer.? Mr. Skilling I think that  Enron is a great company to work for because of all the information, that I have learned in my eight months of employment. But like most company their is always room for improvements. Also Mr. Skilling this is not a pitch for employment, it just a question of concern. Thank you for the opportunity to speak with you. I wish that your day will be a great and less busy one. Have a great day. Hope to hear from you soon.   <Sep> Subject :  My Concerns 
Email : Jeff,  We are very excited to have you join us as a keynote speaker and just wanted to re-confirm your speaking times at our conference in September. 8:00 - 9:00 a.m.        Friday, September 21 - Keynote                                  "Enron and the New Integration Model"          9:15 - 10:30 a.m.       Friday, September 21 - Breakout Session                                  "Questions & Answers"   Should you have any questions, please don't hesitate to call or email us. Thanks and we look forward to seeing you in September. Cindy Kunze  Executive Assistant to William Haack  cindy.kunze@haack.com  414/259-8802   <Sep> Subject :  YPO Regional Conference in Aspen - September 20 - 23, 2001 
Email : In the beginning:            Man discovered WEAPONS and invented HUNTING, Woman discovered HUNTING       and invented FURS. Man discovered COLORS and invented PAINT, Woman discovered PAINT and       invented MAKEUP. Man discovered the WORD and invented CONVERSATION, Woman discovered       CONVERSATION and invented GOSSIP. Man discovered GAMBLING and invented CARDS, Woman discovered CARDS and       invented WITCHERY. Man discovered AGRICULTURE and invented FOOD, Woman discovered FOOD       and invented DIET. Man discovered FRIENDSHIP and invented LOVE, Woman discovered LOVE and       invented MARRIAGE. Man discovered WOMEN and invented SEX, Woman discovered SEX and       invented HEADACHES. Man discovered TRADING and invented MONEY, Woman discovered MONEY and       that's when it all got screwed up!   <Sep> Subject :  enjoy... 
Email : Jeff,  As you know, you are going to be the keynote speaker at this year YPO Regional Conference next September. The organizers are asking us if you will be willing to participate in a "breakout" session right after your speech. The session would be 1 hour 15 minutes long and only a fraction of the 130 couples would participate. Since the topics being presented at the same time are more family oriented ( The Aspen Contemporary Museum of Art, mother- daughter relationships, wealth and family business), Bill and I thought that if you decide to go ahead with this session, you would probably like to talk about a business topic form a personal perspective like how to become a CEO or the characteristics of a leader. In my opinion, we will not get much extra from this additional session, but since you are involved with the organization, I wanted to check with you before saying that you were not available for an additional session. Please, let me know if you want to participate and what topic would you like to talk about. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  YPO Regional Conference - Additional session 
Email : Jeff, =20 Mona Yousry and I are both sending you seperate messages regarding Mr. Larr= y Robinson. I have known Larry for 30 years. I spent 3 years in Tanzania = with Larry and his father when I was 16 years old. My father was the only = M.D. at an 80 bed hospital 40 miles north of Kigoma, Tanzania. =20 Larry is assisting the Maasai tribes in Tanzania by installing solar powere= d water pumps. Larry is looking for creative ways to fund the solar projec= ts, which are obviously energy related. Larry has access to various tribal=  art works that could be imported back to the states as well as offering un= ique safaris into areas of East Africa that are not on the map so to speak.=   The trading of art or safaris for solar resources seems to some how fit a=  model that you are an expert in. Namely trading. =20 Based on what I have read about you, your interest in dangerous and thrilli= ng adventures combined with your access to financial or energy related solu= tions and knowing Larry, a truly one of a kind human being, would you be wi= lling to start a dialog with him? =20 I asked Larry to write something about himself and life in Africa. I am at= taching it as is, for your review. =20 =20 Best Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  East Africa 
Email : Jeff, =20 I am Dr. Mona Yousry. You don't know  me. I earned my PH.D. in Mathematic= s in 1982 and have served in the  Telecommunications industry for 19 years.=   I was recruited by Bell  Laboratories, AT&T, Ameritech, and Sempra Energy= . =20 =20 I have always been impressed by Enron's  performance and business strategie= s.  I believe you were instrumental in  what Enron is all about today. =20 =20 I read an article about you and your zealous interest in Africa. You  need=  to meet Larry Robinson. The following is in his words. Please  read it. =20 Mona =20 Lawrence Robinson: Born in Congo, Central Africa, 1952. =20 My father was born in Zimbabwe, Africa. My parents and grandparents were  M= issionaries. My grandparents went to Africa from California in 1912 and are=   both buried in Africa. I was raised in very remote areas of the Belgian C= ongo  and from an early age spent lots of time in the African Bush. This wa= s a time to  learn many of the secrets necessary to survive the African bus= h and love it. I  had the opportunity to study and learn animal behavior in=  ways that most experts  only dream about. Some of my greatest memories are=  from times I would take a  pocket full of salt with my rifle and go into t= he bush for 10 days to 2 weeks at  a time, sometimes totally alone. It was = also a time to learn about the African  people and their languages and cult= ures. As time passed and Independence swept  the Continent, I saw Zaire, th= e great land where I was born, turn into a blood  bath. I learned more abou= t the most savage creature of all. As I saw men  slaughter men, women, and = children, I understood better how organized and  balanced nature really is.=  I am a U.S. Citizen and Resident in Tanzania, East  Africa. I am tri-lingu= al and understand three other African languages. I have an  FAA Commercial = Pilots license. Educated in Cape Town, South Africa, Singapore,  Beirut, Le= banon, Michigan, and California. Have two B.S. degrees. One in  Agriculture=  and one in Industrial Education. Have traveled around the world many  time= s. My longest overland trip was from Germany to Cape Town driving my own  T= oyota Land Cruiser. This was a 10 month journey of over 30,000 miles. Cross= ing  the Sahara Desert and the Kalahari Desert before a GPS was available w= as indeed  a great adventure. From 1985 to 1992 I owned and operated my own=  Import Export  Company in Central Africa called "Malaika Zaire". Presentl= y I am Managing  Director and Chairman of the Board of "Solar Universal Net= work" - a Californian  Non-profit Organization, 501(c)3. Solar Universal Ne= twork is also established in  Tanzania as an International NGO since 1995. = S.U.N. 's primary focus is to  establish safe, permanent, water supplies for=  communities in Tanzania using  alternative energy. An example of our work = is at Sukenya, Northern Tanzania  where we are pumping approximately 12,000=  gallons of water per day from 250 feet  deep for the Maasai Community usin= g only Solar Energy. This system has been  operating for a year now with ou= tstanding success. When necessary, we also use  UV Water Purification Units=  powered by Solar Energy to purify any contamination  which may exist in wa= ter supplies. One of the areas we are now working in  is located in Northe= rn Tanzania just South of the Kenya boarder and just East of  the Serengeti=  National Park. This is considered Maasai Land and is fascinating  country.=  Each year hundreds of thousands Wilderbeasts migrate south through this  a= rea to give birth to their young in the Southern plains of the Serengeti. T= he  great migration is considered one of natures last unmatched marvels on = earth. This is the time when the predators like lions, leopards, cheetah, = and hyena are  roaming the area. There are also heards of Cape Buffalo, Ele= phant, and many  types of antelope and zebra. Because of the Community Deve= lopment that S.U.N. has done in this area, we have an exceptional opportun= ity to hike, camp, and  hunt with the Maasai in this location. I have perso= nally been within 10 yards of  a lion and his kill while on foot with a Maa= sai warrior and only a spear in  hand. Tanzania is also the land of Mt. Ki= limanjaro, Serengeti National  Park, Ngorongoro Crater, Lake Victoria, and = Zanzibar  Island.   <Sep> Subject :  East Africa 
Email : Mr.  Skilling: Cordell W. Hull, Chairman and CEO of  InfrastructureWorld, and a Director of Bechtel Group, Inc., will be  in Houston on Wednesdayand Thursday, 1& 2 Augustrespectively, and would like to meet with  you, at your convenience, during that period if your calendar allows. Thank you for your  consideration and I will contact your office tomorrow to see if this works with  your schedule. With best regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Request for a meeting with Cordell Hull 
Email : Jeff,  Thought I bring this by you. Just happened to think about one of or the final episode for the building guy that would end up very appropriately when the new building is finished. How about, maybe near its completion,  the building guy meets the "building girl", fall in love and marry on top of the Enron Building. The "two" (buildings) join as one and live happily ever after in Enron World. Could be a televised promotion. Just a thought, Robert   <Sep> Subject :  The Building Guy ( Just a thought) 
Email : I would like to share with you a personal struggle I go through as the United Way contribution campaign rolls around each year. First I would like commend the United Way as an organization that does help people in need in our community. At the same time it funds the Boy Scouts of America, an organization with an explicit policy to discriminate against gays. I know I can direct my contribution within United Way, but not until the United Way sees a drop in its total fund raising will it withdraw funding of the Boy Scouts of America. I hope all involved in this effort understand why I and others choose not to contribute to the United Way and instead make direct contributions  to organizations that do not discriminate.   <Sep> Subject :  United Way and Boy Scouts of America 
Email : Jeff,  Here are the two versions of your presentation. After you have a chance to play around with the animation on the new version, let me know what changes you want to make. Original Presentation:     Revised Presentation:   <Sep> Subject :  Presentation 
Email : Jeff,  Thank you so much for your endorsement of Expectations Investing. Michael has been singing your praises to me for some time now and I too am a real fan of your innovations at Enron. Best wishes for continued success. Al Rappaport   <Sep> Subject :  Thank you for your endorsement 
Email : Jeff,  We have never met, but I have read and enjoyed your articles on Enron's bold business vision. Stan Marek, head of Marek Brothers, in Houston is a good friend of mine, and he suggested I call you directly, but I think an email may be more efficient. I am CTO and Senior VP of R&D for a software company called Hyprotech. We are second in the global market for process simulation technology, but I think first in innovation. One of Hyprotech's philosophies is to "model to the business boundary". This allows a business leader to have as clearer vision of the technical behavior of an asset to any depth and fidelity that is appropriate per the desired modeling investment. We do whole-asset models of refineries, chemical plants and power plants. Also, Hyprotech is the only company with the full technical capability of modeling the entire business asset for oil and gas operations from sand face to custody transfer (well-bore, riser, piping network, topside processing, transmission, separation, gas plant, compression, metering). As a result, Hyprotech has 80% of this market. Hyprotech is deeply into real-time online modeling for decision support and optimization. We have been discussing with gas storage industry the possibility of basing trading on a full dynamic model of the facility. The business motivator is that a full scope model coupled to an contract and business parameters allows for a better estimate of the sensitivities of a trade. I am a Enron stockholder and naturally thought that perhaps the same methodology can be applied as a real-time model-based data filter coupled to Enron's current decision support models for trading. The real-time model is a virtual facility (much as a flight simulator is a virtual airplane) and should increase understanding, open up new possibilities, reduce risk and increase agility in trades. My question is who at Enron the most appropriate person for discussing details and practicalities of this concept for your company? Thanks for your attention,   <Sep> Subject :  Real-time Online Modeling and Optimization of Dynamic Gas Network s  for Trading 
Email : Jeff,  Behind every successful executives career there is at least one break; one time where someone took a chance on them and they proved them right. I am a Sr. Specialist with DealBench. With redeployment looming, I have been told to begin looking within Enron for opportunities. This brings us to this email that I have written you; I am asking you for my chance. I have a Business degree and 4 years of experience with Deloitte Consulting. I have nearly 8 months of experience with DealBench, acting as the product development manager, strategist, marketer, nearly everything. I am flexible, adaptive, intelligent, and quite possibly the hardest worker you have working for you at Enron. True this is a bold statement, but I firmly believe it and since I've got only a few minutes of your time, I better sell hard! I have no ego. I am, after all, only a Sr. Specialist. I haven't transcended into the Manager/Director level where I have seen others stubbornly think they know everything. I am hungry; I love the business world and will do whatever it takes to succeed. I would like to propose myself for an executive-trainee program within your office. At other companies, I have seen this tool effectively used to help ambitious individuals learn invaluable business skills. At Deloitte, the program was a year rotation where Senior Consultants would assist the CEO in whatever they could. I know people that have participated and they have all learned much more than they ever dreamed. The learning's that I would get from a year within your office would help me immensely as I work myself toward the upper echelons of management. Bottom Line: What's in it for you 1)  An excellent member of your team that will help you and your organization succeed 2)  An open channel to the perspective of lower levels within your organization 3)  More ambition in one person than you thought possible  What's in it for me 1)  A once in a lifetime opportunity to learn what it really takes to run a business 2)  Knowledge, knowledge, knowledge  I hope that you will take a few minutes of your time to evaluate this idea. I truly believe it can become a powerful learning tool within Enron like it has at other companies, and I would be honored to be the first person to participate. I wasn't sure if I should write this message (your too busy, you don't know me from Adam, blah, blah), but I decided to take a chance. I hope that you will consider taking a chance on me. Thanks for your time. I have attached my resume for your review.   <Sep> Subject :  Redeployment Opportunity - 3 minutes of your time 
Email : Dear Jeff,  I sent you a presentation concerning InterFit Health which is the diagnostic screening company we discussed months ago. There are two issues I would like to address: I. Are you interested in investing? 2. I would like to present to Enron our scope of services which will in all certainty provide lower healthcare cost and greater productivity. The cost of our biometric testing is very modest in comparison to your total health costs and leads to designing your benefits program with disease risk knowledge vs. shooting in the dark. This is a truly unique approach which is why JP Morgan Chase, Reliant, and Halliburton have become clients of the company in the last month. I know that you are very time constrained so if you cannot address this with me please refer me to another Enron officer who has bottom line responsibility for your healthcare costs. The same information was sent to Ken and I have placed a call to him. I appreciate your considering our services. Best regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Mischer Healthcare 
Email : Dear Perspective Employers,   Please review the professional resume of a seasoned pilot  we are currently representing seeking new career  opportunities. He is available immediately for full-time  employment globally. Over 12,000+ hrs TT, 11,000+hrs PIC,   8,800 hrs turbine and extensive international experience make him  an attractive candidate. Type rated in G-V, G-1159, DA-20, Lear Jet  20/30 and CE-525. Feel free to  contact me directly so we  may address any questions you may have as well as set up a phone  conversation at your convenience. Look forward to hearing from  you. Thank you,   <Sep> Subject :  Available Pilot 
Email : Jeff,  congrats on your recent election to the Board of Trustee's at SMU!! We now have a proud Beta representing us on campus. Hope all is well,   <Sep> Subject :  Congrats 
Email : Dear Mr Skilling,  Please forgive this interruption to your business day, but I thought it might be time I owned up before you found out from someone else. A.  I saw you speak at the Tibco conference in Las Vegas and I was inspired. I've been at Enron for over 5 years, and I think it's fantastic that we using the 'strategy' word more and more. B. I stole your slides and re-used them for my own purposes. I hope you don't mind. C. I think I can see how to move forward with our technology team to build the kind of systems "structure" that goes some way to mimicking the capabilities inherent in your new business structure. I thought you might enjoy thumbing through "my" slides and notes. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Thanks for the slides 
Email : Jeff, Last Wednesday morning, I was fortunate to share breakfast with you. I thoroughly enjoyed the hour that you spent with us. At the end of the hour, I gave to you a one page summary of a tremendous energy devise that has received extreme interest from the likes of Conoco, Anadarko, and Texaco. As I quickly mentioned, the inventor of this geothermal apparatus is in town this week. Have you had the opportunity to quickly review this paper? If so, do you feel as though Enron might have some interest in further discussions with the inventors? This could be a tremendous new, innovative opportunity for Enron. I look forward to your response. Steve Roeder 58124   <Sep> Subject :  last week's breakfast- energy opportunity 
Email : Dear YPO Couple Retreat Attendees,  I am attaching an additional offsite choice for Saturday, Sept. 15th. Please contact Cheryl Sluder in Larry Del Papa's office as soon as possible if you interested in this activity. Or just send in your check made payable to:   YPO Couple Retreat 2001  Del Papa Distributing  6702 Broadway  Galveston, Texas 77554  Thank you and Happy Hunting,   <Sep> Subject :  An additional offsite choice 
Email : Hi Jeff,  Your assistant suggested that I send an email to discuss what I hope you will find an intriguing proposition. I am the co-author of a book entitled The McKinsey Mind - Understanding and Implementing the Problem-Solving Tools and Management Techniques of the World's Top Strategic Consulting Firm which is in final stages of editing and will be published on September 21. The other author is Ethan Rasiel, who also penned The McKinsey Way in 1999 and the publisher is McGraw-Hill. We are searching for high level successful executives who may be willing to skim the manuscript (or read it thoroughly if you see fit) and offer a few words of support for the cover of the book (which you can send via email). You are our top choice as you are a McKinsey alumnus who had done an incredible job after his career at the Firm. We would be honored if you would consider this request of your fellow alumni. We don't believe it would take much effort or time on your part, but it would really add in our effort to get the word out. By the way, the book represents a very positive view of McKinsey and does not violate any confidentiality agreements. Given the short time period involved (the published has requested all endorsements by Friday), we will arrange for a copy of the manuscript to be sent to you via overnight mail to arrive tomorrow. We recognize that you are quite busy and would understand if you are unable to work with us. If you chose not to review this material, could you please just have the copy properly shredded? Thank you very much for your consideration and potential help with this exciting project. Ethan and I are big fans of what you have done at Enron!   <Sep> Subject :  The McKinsey Mind 
Email : Haven't quite determined the best way to assign priority to invitations for you, so if you'd let me know whether occasional notes like this one are OK, I'll continue. Business Week Breakthrough: A CEO Retreat Rancho Bernardo Inn, San Diego, CA June 27-29, 2001  - Brochure and reply form have been dropped off with Sherri  - Business Week and Jim Taylor are collaborating to inaugurate an annual event, in partnership with IBM, to explore breakthrough ideas in leadership that will continue to power fundamental business transformation. Conferees will have an opportunity to examine the range of business systems and decision structures that are transformed by technological and scientific breakthroughs. The meeting will examine five breakthrough concepts that are entering the CEO's world: globalization, technology and the emergence of the "trusted identity"; continuous supply chain funding and precision demand forecasting; pervasive computing and the proliferation of wireless technologies; the changing roles of leadership and the evolving qualities of leaders; customer ascendancy. - Of particular note on the agenda is a high-speed, high-stakes sailing regatta to explore leadership, competition and teamwork, manned by Breakthrough CEOs, and lead by Dennis Connor and the Stars and Stripes crew in San Diego Harbor,  - Anticipated audience is 75-100 executives; CEOs, Presidents  - Conference fee is waived for you -- compliments of IBM   <Sep> Subject :  Invitations 
Email : Jeff,  Al and I would like to thank you for your kind endorsement of Expectations Investing. We look forward to sending you a final copy when it is published in early September. I would love to catch up with you. Please let me know if you're in NY with a few extra moments-alternatively, I'd be pleased to come to Houston. Best regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Thank you for endorsement 
Email : Mr. Skilling,   Hello! My name is Tim Ng and I was a summer analyst the last 2 summers. Last   August, I met with you for a few minutes in your office to talk and ask for   advice. You told me to diversify my life experiences, as that can only help   you throughout life. Like you, with your desire to fly planes, I decided to   take a plane to travel around the world. In the last year, I studied abroad   in Hong Kong, traveled to places such as China, Macau, Thailand, and   Australia. After travelling, I see how doing different things, seeing   different things can only enhance your total life experience. Tomorrow, I will return to Enron as a full-time Analyst. I look forward to   this opportunity to learn more, and challenge myself, and hopefully, do new   and different things to diversify my experiences. I thank you for taking the time to meet with me last summer. It really meant   a lot to me, and your advice has really changed the way I go about things in   life now. Perhaps one day, I can meet with you again. I know that your schedule can   only be busier now, but hopefully I can see you during your talk with the new   Analysts sometime in the next week or so. Take care and I hope to hear from you soon! Kindest regards,   Tim Ng   <Sep> Subject :  A note of thanks 
Email : Jeff:  Dave Komansky, Merrill Lynch's President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, would like the opportunity to meet you. He is interested in identifying and meeting with potential new Board members and would like to get together with you either in Houston when he is next here in the fall or in New York when it is convenient for you. Please give me a call at (713) 759-2510 as to whether such a meeting would be of interest to you. Rick Gordon   <Sep> Subject :  Note from Rick Gordon/Merrill Lynch 
Email : Dear Mr. Skilling,  On behalf of Mayor Willie L. Brown, Jr. (San Francisco), it is my pleasure to invite you to meet with him regarding energy issues in California. Mayor Brown wishes to meet with you in his capacity as a trustee of the Board of Administration of the California Public Employees Retirement System (CalPERS). As you know, CalPERS is the largest public pension fund in the nation and is a sizeable investor in domestic energy stocks, bonds, debentures, etc. The Board has appointed Mayor Brown to lead a delegation of trustees to meet with the CEOs of CalPERS' largest energy holdings. Enron represents one such holding. The Mayor would be pleased to host you in his office at the newly renovated City Hall in San Francisco or arrange an alternative location at your earliest convenience. I will await your response. Sincerely,   <Sep> Subject :  Meeting with Mayor Willie L. Brown, Jr. 
Email : Mr Skilling,  Thank you for inviting me to participate in the last Executive Forum. It was very informative. And it helped me  to understand some of the corporate goals and issues more clearly. As I mentioned in that meeting,  I think the Xcelerator can be a key tool for leveraging our "soft" assets, as well  as helping Enron develop new business models to lead it into the future. I also think the Xcelerator can play a key role in creating a balance between technology and commercial realities. ---   <Sep> Subject :  Leadership of the Xcelerator & John Echols 
Email : Dear Richard,  As per my conversation with Jeff Skilling last week in which he suggested that I contact you, I would like to request the names of the companies who we outsource some of our accounting needs to. I would like to target them for our latest product: Data Storage Capacity. Please let me know how you would like me to proceed regarding this matter. Thank you.   <Sep> Subject :  Data Storage Trading 
Email : Hey brothers:   A review on my new book -- The Undefeated -- from  the Daily Oklahoman. This one should look better than the first. Will have  unveiling party here in OKC on August 24. More details coming. Would love  to have you guys here.   <Sep> Subject :  [smu-betas] Try this one first 
Email : Beta Brothers:   OK, I'm doing a little bragging here. But check out  this attachment -- review of my new book in The Daily Oklahoman. By the  way, the world premiere party is August 24 here in OKC. More details to follow. Be here or pledge Fiji.   <Sep> Subject :  [smu-betas] It's not braggin' if... 
Email : Stan felt it would be appropriate for the Policy Committee to review the attached changes to the Analyst / Associate PRC process, prior to execution. In summary, the following modifications have been developed by the heads of the AAPRC Committees (Horton, Kean, and Sherriff) and A/A Program Management (Lemmons):  ? Most cross-calibration will be at the business unit level, since this is where the best interaction and information gathering occurs. Steps to ensure consistency across the business units are outlined in the memo. The final PRC meeting will focus on business unit ranking distributions, and the names/attributes of the top performers across the company. ? The PRC committees have been expanded to improve the quality of representation, and to reflect the diversity of our workforce. The additions were selected from a pool of high performing VPs and Directors. To ensure fairness, only VPs and Directors will provide representation on the AAPRC Committee. ? An attachment has been included to clarify program tenure and promotion criteria. Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss by mid-day Wednesday, May 9. We are planning to release this information to the memo distribution list that evening. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Policy Committee Review - Analyst/Associate Program PRC Process 
Email : I received a message from your brother Mark Shillings. He mentioned that he would be working with you in managing some of your personal accounts and wanted to communicate with me about such. Do I have your authority to discuss your banking business and accounts with him ? Also is there anything in particular you and he are looking to do that we may be able to help with ? CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: ************************************************************************ The information contained in this ELECTRONIC MAIL transmission is confidential. It may also be privileged work product or proprietary information. This information is intended for the exclusive use of the addressee(s). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any use, disclosure, dissemination, distribution [other than to the addressee(s)], copying or taking of any action because of this information is strictly prohibited. ************************************************************************   <Sep> Subject :  Mark skillings 
Email : Hi Ken and Jeff,    This email is being sent to let you know that my consulting contract with Enron has finally come to an end. It has been a great experience to me to have been involved in the development of such successful international projects as, Puerto Quetzal in Guatemala in 1993, Batangas and Subic Bay in 1992/93 in the Philippines and Guam in 1996, all of which are still contributing to Enron's earnings. The opportunities provided me during the first 26 years with Northern Natural Gas/Internorth, from which I retired in 1988, and the last 11 years as a consultant for Enron Development and Enron International have made me a better person and I thank you both for this. I will continue to  be involved in consulting and development of both power and natural gas projects, although on a more limited basis, and only as an independent. Should there be any need for my services or need to be contacted for any reason, I can be reached at:   <Sep> Subject :  End of an Era 
Email : June 29, 2001  Dear Questia Stockholder:  As a follow-up to our Series C stock offering, I would like to inform you that the participation in our Series C offering has been slower than anticipated. We had originally intended to raise $15MM to $20MM dollars. To date we have raised approximately $11MM although we are expecting to hear from several Taiwanese investors about a substantial investment that will be incremental to the $11MM that has been raised to date. Additionally, we have recently retained Credit Suisse First Boston to assist us with a $25MM private placement with a strategic partner. We are optimistic that this round will close in mid to late September 2001. You may recall that the Series C documents provided for us to close the Series C round on May 31, 2001. Questia would like to extend that period to permit additional Series C investors to participate in the Series C round on the same terms and conditions as the Series C investors who participated prior to May 31, 2001.   <Sep> Subject :  Extension of Series C Offering and Waiver of Right to Participate 
Email : Boys,     At the risk of him saying "It's no big deal fellas", I need to notify you that Brother John Grumbles, will be undergoing exploratory heart surgery via the ole catheter up the leg procedure sometime very soon. The Drs. are telling him he's most likely got a partially clogged artery at the bottom of his heart and if he does, they will proceed with the angioplasty procedure at the same time. Dr. Fullerton has already contacted him as have several of us local guys and I think IT IS A BIG DEAL and I know he would appreciate a call. The surgery was actually scheduled for a couple of days ago but was cancelled at the last minute because of a doctor screw up. His phone number is 972 617-2412. Nothing like a big dose of -kai-when   <Sep> Subject :  [smu-betas] Grumbola 
Email : Please note that the Enron Cash Balance Plan has retained Smith Graham, Gerald Smith's firm, to manage $15 million of pension assets. This fixed-income portfolio will be funded during July. I am available for further discussion at your convenience.   <Sep> Subject :  Smith Graham 
Email : Jeff,  I am pleased to update you on Texas Children's Hospital's current status in the aftermath of Tropical Storm Allison. Should you have any questions, please do not hesitate to call me. Texas Children's Hospital has taken several steps to support three Texas Medical Center hospitals seriously damaged by the floods caused by Tropical Storm Allison. Support to The Methodist Hospital  Beginning today and continuing for the foreseeable future, Texas Children's will make two operating rooms available to surgeons from The Methodist Hospital for adult cardiovascular and liver transplant procedures. In addition, Texas Children's will dedicate a 12-bed unit to the adult Methodist patients for their follow-up intensive care and post-operative recovery. The adult Methodist Hospital surgical procedures to be performed at Texas Children's will be scheduled between 3:00pm and 3:00am to avoid conflicts with the normal Texas Children's pediatric surgical schedules. The Methodist surgeons will receive support in the Texas Children's operating rooms from Methodist anesthesiolgists, radiologists, nurses, blood bank and other Methodist allied health professionals. Texas Children's Hospital will provide additional support services to the Methodist adult patients, including diagnostic imaging, laboratory tests, food and pharmacy services. Texas Children's will also provide a senior clinical administrator 24 hours a day, seven days a week to facilitate communications in meeting the needs of the Methodist physicians and nurses and their adult patients  The number of adult surgeries that will be performed by the Methodist surgeons at Texas Children's Hospital will be governed by the capacity of the 12-bed Texas Children's intensive care unit being made available. This arrangement will continue until The Methodist Hospital is able to return its operating rooms and associated support facilities to service. As it has done since the flood, Texas Children's will continue to accept adult bone marrow transplant patients from The Methodist Hospital based on Texas Children's room and staff availabilty. Support to St. Luke's Episcopal Hospital  Texas Children's Hospital is in the process of working out details of an agreement by which Texas Children's will make up to 30 beds available to St. Luke's Episcopal Hospital for general acute care of adult patients. The adult St. Luke's patients who will occupy these Texas Children's beds will be under the care of St. Luke's physicians, nurses, allied health and support services. Texas Children's will provide experienced clinical administrators to St. Luke's 24 hours a day, seven days a week to assure seamless delivery of services to their adult patients. This arrangement between Texas Children's and St. Luke's is anticipated to be operational sometime next week. Support to Memorial Hermann Children's Hospital  Texas Children's Hospital today hosted a meeting with executives from Memorial Hermann Children's Hospital in which Texas Children's offered Memorial Hermann up to 26 neonatal level 2 and general acute care beds. Should Memorial Hermann accept this offer, it would staff these beds with its own physicians and nurses, while Texas Children's would provide complete support services. No decision has been made regarding this proposal. Texas Children's Hospital Flood Recovery Status  Although Texas Children's Hospital sustained an estimated $20 million in damages and lost entirely one of its patient care buildings, we were able to continue full operations with a 100+ percent patient census during the floods caused by Tropical Storm Allison. Since then, our inpatient census has remained near 100 percent while our operating rooms, outpatient specialty clinics and emergency center have functioned at their normal, high rates of performance. Meanwhile, work continues to repair our damaged areas on the B2 basement level and to complete loss assessments to be able to file claims with our insurance carriers. The Hospital carries a complete program of property, equipment and business interruption insurance and expects to be adquately reimbursed for its losses. Our Sincere Gratitude to The Texas Children's Family  On behalf of the Texas Children's Hospital Board of Trustees, may I once again express our deepest gratitude to everyone in the Texas Children's Hospital Integrated Delivery System for your extraordinarily professional response to the threats posed by the floods of Tropical Storm Allison and their aftermath. Most importantly, our mission of providing the finest possible pediatric care to our young patients and their families continued uninterrupted during and after the floods. In addition, through your dedication and sacrifice, we have been able to reach out to our neighbors in the Texas Medical Center to help them care for their patients as they struggle to recover from the terrible devastation they endured from the flood. We are so very proud and honored to have you as members of the Texas Children's family. Again, thank you very much! Mark  Mark A. Wallace President & Chief Executive Officer Texas Children's Hospital   <Sep> Subject :  Texas Children's Hospital Extends Additional Support to Medical C  enter Neighbors 
Email : Glenn Schleede, a friend from the early nineties NPC study, provided the attached commentary on the "Generosity of Californians". I don't whether he sent this to the industry press or just friends. If anyone is interested, I have the detailed backup.   <Sep> Subject :  "The Generosity of Californians", authored by Glenn Schleede,  retired VP of NEES and industry gadfly 
Email : Mr. Jeff Skilling CEO, President, and COO Enron Houston, TX. June 25, 2001. Dear Jeff,   I worked at McKinsey (NY/FI) during 1985-91 and have  since founded and run an IT systems integration company called Techna in Silicon  Valley, with clients worldwide and Purnendu ("PC") Chatterjee (ex McK and  affiliated with Soros' funds) as an equity partner. We have been working closely with Sempra Energy trading  for the past couple of years and are beginning an engagement with NYMEX soon. Our president, Ben Bernstein (ex Microsoft) has been managing these clients on  the east coast personally. Ben and I feel that we have interesting ideas in IT  for Enron from our experience in this industry thus far, and would appreciate  your indulgence in getting us in touch with the appropriate IT leaders at Enron  for us to make a pitch. Your achievements at Enron since leaving McKinsey  have deservedly won you quite a fan following! As an unabashed member of  this group, I would love to hear from you anyway, when you find a moment in your  busy day. Best regards.   <Sep> Subject :  McKinsey alum 
Email : Dear Jeffrey,  I meant what I said about you showing a great deal of character to talk to what was in the best of conditions  an " unfriendly " crowd. You could have stayed in Texas, or not made public a public appearance. Either way you didn't have to make the effort. I am sure you have given your presentation a great deal of thought. If could I  offer a suggestion. You correctly identified the ugly side of human nature which needs someone to blame. No one has a problem blaming the regulators but there is still this outstanding question who is profiting. If sales of power have gone from 7bln in 99, 27bln in 2000 and 50bln in 01. Who is profiting? The cost of generation has not risen this much, so someone is making a large profit. You alluded to municipal power generators but the more specific you can be, break it down etc, the more believable it will be that Enron is not an evil energy company pocketing Californians money. Secondly, Enron has a great opportunity to be visible in promoting alternative sources, and or mass transportation improvements. To set an agenda for the country that is responsible and progressive. Sincerely   <Sep> Subject :  Commonwealth Club SF 
Email : Dear Jeff,      Heard about the pie episode today in California. From all the press accounts I've read, it sounds like you handled what had to be a difficult situation admirably and, in the immediate wake such adolesence, still managed to clearly and articulately make your case about what's been going on out there. Congratulations---hats off to you, Jeff. I am glad you   <Sep> Subject :  PIE THROWING EPISODE, BE SAFE! 
Email : Jeff,   I'd like to discuss  with the head of your wholesale energy/commodities trading and marketing unit. We're actively engaged with VP-level and Director-level executives of trading  and marketing and risk management at Williams, Duke, Reliant, Sempra, and  many others. They claimto miss outon 75-80% of the arbitrage trading opportunities. We're working with them tohelp spot those lucrative spreadsand  maximize trading opportunities. iSpheres provides  enabling software for deploying meta applications around composite event  managementdeveloped out of Caltech. We  are working to enableevent  management for traders. Enabling traders to define composite events  around online marketplaces,  weather, generation, transmission, and other information. The issue  weaddressis enabling traders to synthesize all the information and detect what is  actionable. Huge opportunity and payback. We'd liketo discussour capabilities,understand what problems types you are working  on, and where we might be of value. We'dlike to arrange a one-hourintroductory conference callor meetingwith  the appropriate executive/s at Enron Wholesale Trading &  Marketing. Who would you  recommend? Please  advise. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  request for appropriate trading contact/s - Caltech-developed arb  itrage technology being assessed by Reliant Energy 
Email : Dear Jeff,   I just wanted to let you know that I thought your talk last night was inspirational. I have been working in the San Francisco office for 2 years helping to permit sites for generating facilities. During this time our team have had to endure more than our fair share of irrational and misinformed individuals. One thing they didn't teach me at business school was how to educate people in a hostile and political environment while maintaining your dignity and humility. Your example last night has certainly set a new personal standard for me to strive for. Sincerely   <Sep> Subject :  Commonwealth Club Talk 
Email : Dear Jeff,  As you may remember, we last met at the Directors' conference in Barcelona, last October. On that occasion, I asked you whether you would be agreeable to the idea of meeting some of the top executives of a client that I am serving in France, EDF and even giving them a speech at their marketing conference. Given the short notice, this turned out to be impossible at that point in time since, at that time, you were "booked" for the following three months, if I remember well! You also told me that, provided you received some "advanced notice", it would not be too difficult to organise the encounter at a different date that the one I had then mentioned. I am thus sending you this message to find out what is the earliest date we could meet with you, preferably in Texas, since our client executives would like to take advantage of the encounter to meet not only you, but also some members of your management team. Once I have a reply from you, I shall inform our client of the dates you suggest and get back to you to finalise detail of when we could travel to Texas and who we would like to meet, ideally . I hope all is well with you and I look forward to reading your response to this message. Many thanks in advance, and best of all. Fran?ois Gl?met McKinsey & Company 79, avenue des Champs-Elys?es 75008 PARIS   <Sep> Subject :  Organising a meeting with you 
Email : Words can never express my heartfelt gratitude for the funds you made available to those of us who suffered losses because of the flood. The experience was so overwhelming. The devastation of so many was heart wrenching. Your generosity is so awesome, and I appreciate all that you are doing to help others as well as myself. God bless you and thank you. Sincerely,   <Sep> Subject :  Flood Relief 
Email : Dear Jeff,  As I am back to the drawing board and start planning for the  Global Leadership Program 2002, I would like to ask for your continuous support. The visits this year to the  offices in London and Tokyo have received most favorable feedback and ENRON  was mentioned several times during our GLP symposium by both groups. Your innovative ideas and global views has enriched their  MBA experience. Quoting directly from one of the students this year:  " ... a wonderful, life-altering program. The trip was truly an amazing experience, one that was both personally and academically rewarding. Hopefully, the GLP will remain an essential part of the Cox experience for many years to come." I would really apprecite the opportunity for the incoming class to visit ENRON  in London and Tokyo during their GLP trip in May if possible. Again, thanks for everything and I look forward to hearing from you. Warm Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  COX GLP 2002 
Email : Jeff,  I enjoyed visiting with you, Lou, and Greg last week. I haven't heard anything back, and so wanted to check in to see if it's appropriate to schedule a follow up phone call. I am leaving for Europe on June 30 and will be gone for 10 days, so hoped to hear something before then. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Follow up 
Email : Friends...  Chris Bartlett at Harvard presented (last week) the 2 most recent Enron cases he wrote to the "Harvard Program for Global Leadership". This is an Exec Ed program for CXO's and Senior management from throughout the world. Chris called me today to say that the cases received outstanding reviews, and that the largely international CXO audience was both knowledgeable about, and very 'pro-Enron'! Best!   <Sep> Subject :  Enron Harvard cases 
Email : Dear Jeff,  I hope this note finds you well. I look forward to meeting you live soon. Partha Ghosh and his team is working with your troops on a palatable offer to AT&T re your $650M network assets. I think we are getting close to a construct Dave Dorman will consider. Please don't read anything into the 2 postponed meeetings, they are very busy with Board related issues, being resolved soon. On a separate matter, from time to time, I host dinners with various industry leaders to focus on major issues. The next one is Monday July 23rd. in Manhattan, 7PM. In attendance will be:  Dr. Henry Kissinger (with whom ADVENTIS works closely) Dave Dorman, President, AT&T Gary Weis, President, Concert Micheal Sabia, President, Bell Canada Enterprises John Adams, CFO, AT&T  and probably: Pierre Danon, President, BT Retail, Red Wilson, Chairman, Nortel  Jeff, would you like to join us ? Please let me know.   <Sep> Subject :  New York Kissinger Dinner 
Email : Dear Mr. Lay & Mr. Skilling,  I cannot begin to express my gratitude to you and Enron for the $1000.00 I received. My husband and I were devastated when our home flooded. I was so proud to be an Enron employee when I heard that we had donated $500,000 to the flood relief fund. But when I learned that we would be eligible for $1000 as flood victims, I could only burst into tears and thank God for working for such a humanitarian company. I was a participant in the Fortune 500 survey last year and rated Enron as THE best place to work for! I truly believed it then and even more so now. Thank you again for going above and beyond this employees' expectations. We are truly grateful.   <Sep> Subject :  Thank You! 
Email : Jeff:  Congratulations on the work you have been doing at Enron. It must be an exciting time for you and I enjoy watching the company grow under your direction. On a different note, my firm has continued to expand it's business practices. We have been working with companies like Shell, Texaco, Coca-Cola, Dell Computer, Bristol-Myers Squibb and others. I would very much appreciate having the opportunity to meet with your head of human resources (or anyone you feel appropriate) to present our capabilities. Any assistance you could provide in this area would certainly be appreciated. Thanks again and look forward to staying in touch.   <Sep> Subject :  Human Resource Referral 
Email : Mr.  Jeffrey Skilling,   My  name is Mohamad Haidar and I represent DDI Technologies, Inc.  We are a technology development firm;  specializing in "digitizing control of the home" at a reasonable cost. DDI feels that Enron and DDI have  an opportunity to both capitalize on the development path we are  following. I  appreciate your time today and have Emailed to set up a time to discuss in  more detail the technology development our firm has already accomplished and the  directions we are set to pursue. DDI feels that the patent we have pending  can provide the essential economic platform and protocols to make remote home  controls, appliance connectivity, meter reading, medical inputs, food  ordering and the provision of other services a reality. Your  firms position in the markets and growth directions would indicate your interest  in developments such as DDI's. We  would welcome the opportunity to demonstrate the prototypes we have developed;  based on the patent noted above. I  thank you again for your time. Please, let us know. My contact information is  bellow.   <Sep> Subject :  New Technology Information 
Email : Good morning, Jeff. I caught Frontline's documentary on "Blackout" in its entirety this past Tuesday evening on PBS and found it quite interesting. I was very impressed with both you and Ken Lay the way you bounced back the answers to the commentator's questions. I've been with the company for 3-1/2 years and I am so proud to work with your organization more than ever! This company houses a lot of support for you! Debbie Doyle  Corporate Tax  P.S. I am looking forward in joining you, and other MS 150 participants, tomorrow for lunch at Damian's.   <Sep> Subject :  Frontline "Blackout" 
Email : On Saturday, June 9, Tropical Storm Allison left Houston in chaos dumping more than 20 inches of rain and flooding the city in a matter of hours. As of Sunday night, 17 people had died in the storm and many others are still missing. One of those who perished in the fatal flood was one of our employees, a summer intern in ETS and student at Texas A & M University, Chad Garren. Our condolences go out to his family and co-workers. At this time, Enron Community Relations and Aggies@Enron <mailto:Aggies@Enron> are planning to establish a scholarship fund in his memory. More information on the fund will be forthcoming. Enron has made a corporate contribution of $500,000 to the American Red Cross to aid in the victim relief effort. Enron employees are encouraged to donate to relief efforts and to take advantage of our Matching Gift Program to double the impact of your individual donation. Enron will match your contribution dollar for dollar and your donation will not be counted against your $15,000 annual limit. Although Enron is supporting the American Red Cross, please feel free to make your donation to the non-profit organization of your choice that is offering aid to flood victims (they must provide proof of their 501c 3 status). Please send your check to EB1635a before Friday, June 15, and we will send it, along with a matching check to the appropriate agency. On the memo line of your check, please make sure to write "Houston Flood Relief." We know that many Enron employees have been severely impacted by this devastating flood. Enron cares about you and your family and would like to make sure that your immediate needs are being met. If you have been displaced because of the flood, please contact the Community Relations hotline at ext. 37181 for assistance. Also, if you would like to help your co-workers who have been displaced, an account has been set up at the Enron Federal Credit Union to accept donations. Please bring/send your contribution to the Enron Federal Credit Union and make your checks out to Employee Flood Relief . There are many agencies in Houston in need of volunteer assistance. If you would like to volunteer, please e-mail your name and extension to communityrelations@enron.com <mailto:communityrelations@enron.com>. Please note if you are willing to lead a project. Again, our hearts go out to Chad's family and to all of you who have been impacted by this tragedy. Please continue to watch your e-mail for more information.   <Sep> Subject :  Houston Flood Relief Effort 
Email : Jeff,  I hope all is well with you. Sorry I missed you in NY a couple of weeks ago. I'd love to catch up with you. Looks and sounds like you are still doing terrific things, and I use you and Enron a great deal in conveying my message to investors and managers. Al Rappaport and I have completed our book, Expectations Investing, which will be published by Harvard Business School Press in September. (See attached preface). I'm really excited about the product, and I think you'll find it interesting as well. Al and I have asked the publisher to send you a more recent version for your review. You'll probably get it in the next week or so. Specifically, we'd be honored if you would endorse our book. The endorsers we are targeting are a blue chip group, and we feel your perspective would add a great deal. Thanks in advance, and feel free to give me a shout if you have any questions. Michael   <Sep> Subject :  Endorsing the Rappaport/Mauboussin book 
Email : Hi Jeff. I am Mike's brother, Ronnie, living in San Diego and a member of the San Diego Chapter of YPO. With all the propaganda being spread about the electricity and energy crisis we are experiencing here in California, I thought it would be worthwhile to invite you to town to give us an insider's view on what is really going on (aka, the "truth"). Is there anyway you can find time in your busy schedule to visit us over dinner with a short talk and a question and answer period. The sooner the better. I will schedule a "special" meeting of our chapter to accommodate any dates that work for you. I look forward to hearing from you.   <Sep> Subject :  San Diego Invite 
Email : Jeff,   My sister is a Vice President for JPMorgan Chase Bank, and she supervises construction and management of new buildings in Texas. She sent me the following note regarding Enron Energy Services' handling of their utility bills:  "On another note:  Enron handles the utility bills for JPMorganChase Bank on a national basis, including Texas. We are building a call center in San Antonio, and the City of San Antonio (municipal electric) wants to charge us a $50,000 deposit for new power because 11 out of the last 12 payments made by Enron have been late, and late fees have been paid. I am now going to do an analysis on all of my regions. I would like a local Enron contact, if one exists. Any ideas?" Whom in Enron should I tell her to contact? Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  JPMorganChase Bank 
Email : Attention Enron shoppers, here's the Blue Light Special for the year!!!! Enron Jersey Blowout Sale!!!!! $35.00 (cash or check) Sizes:  M - 2X  First-Come, First Served  (a limited number of Smalls will be available as soon as all our riders have picked up their packets - the end of the week)  See Stephanie Strong (EB2432)  or Becky Pham (EB2336) in the Enron Building for purchases, or come to our last minute packet pickup today and tomorrow 11:30 to 12:30 in the 31st floor lobby of Three Allen Center. If you are outside Enron and cannot get here this week, send an email to reserve one in your size, and they will be in my car at the ride start and in LaGrange.   <Sep> Subject :  JERSEY SALE 
Email : <<YPO 2001.jpg>>  <<YPO COUPLE RETREAT REGISTRATION FORM.doc>>       REMINDER!!! THE DEADLINE FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE  ROCKIN' IN THE ROCKIES  COUPLES RETREAT  IS MAY 15TH. WE ARE FILLING UP QUICKLY. - YPO 2001.jpg   - YPO COUPLE RETREAT REGISTRATION FORM.doc   <Sep> Subject :  YPO Couple Retreat 2001 
Email : Mr. Awano,  Per your recent request to Dr. Kitatani, we have contacted Mr. Idei's Office to find out his travel plans to the US in June. Unfortunately, we were informed that he is currently not scheduled to be out in the West Coast in June, and therefore, will not be able to meet with Mr. Skilling at this time. However, we were also informed by Mr. Idei's Office that he would be more than happy to meet with Mr. Skilling during his next visit to Tokyo. Therefore, please keep us posted on any future travel plans to Tokyo that Mr. Skilling may have so that we may assist you accordingly. Thank you and should you have any questions, please don't hesitate to call. Best regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Meeting with Mr. Idei 
Email : Hello Jeff, the purpose for this message is to bring attention to my firm, SDL International. Big admirer of what Enron and you  have done in the broadband sector and would like to prove the value of my firm to Enron. SDL is by far, one of the largest, market leaders in the Globalization industry for Fortune 500 companies who must have a global presence via the web to their targeted customers. SDL is based in the UK, (US HQ in Plano, TX), with offices in over 26 countries and employing over 730. We are publicly traded on the London Stock Exchange, been in business for  10 years and the only vendor in this space that is profitable. I'd like to speak with you or a direct report about the potential of working with Enron for your globalization needs. Certainly you  understand the extreme difficulties and expense you may face in maintaining consistent content and branding across your multiple, multi-lingual websites. SDL is a leading globalization infrastructure and services firm that can streamline those issues while positively impacting the bottom line. Our services span from Internationalization (both web and software), technology (Webflow and ETS), professional services and worldwide translation services, all developed and orchestrated to work as a single, seamless effort. Surely Enron handles alot of this already but could the current process be made more cost effective as well as expediting or increasing international revenue from foreign markets? SDL also offers ETS, a real time translation product that allows for instant, multi lingual messaging, email, web based customer support, etc... Product currently has a significant installed base of clients, in particular, a joint effort between EDS and the FAA for global emails to pilots and airports, as well as being used at Lucent as an internal communications tool. Again, this type of technology would be use solely for content/info. one would not normally localize or translate. ETS Webflow, which will further seperate us from the other static in the Globalization industry. I look forward to any suggestions you may have on how and with whom to proceed further with. Thanks again for your time and have a great day. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Globlalization issues 
Email : It was determined by a vote of the Forum Moderators at our meeting May 8th to form a new Forum (Forum VIII). This decision was based on the current Forum membership (81); the number of new members wishing to participate; and the number of prospective members currently in process. The new Forum affords a unique opportunity for existing members. In an effort to blend the experience of new members with seasoned Forum members, we are looking for the following:      a) A member who wishes to change Forums      b) Current Forum member having 3 years or less      eligibility remaining in YPO who would like to      help mentor an additional Forum. We are considering that this may give a member the opportunity to interact with other Houston YPOers or perhaps re-invigorate an individual's Forum experience. If you have any interest, please contact me by May 22nd. Please know that all questions, thoughts, or expressions of interest will be held by me in strict confidence. By way of process, the new Forum will participate in the draw with the other Forums who have indicated they need members. They will select first in the order. We trust that this process will give the new Forum an immediate opportunity to be successful. Thank you for your cooperation.   <Sep> Subject :  New Forum 
Email : Attendees:  AT&T:  David Dorman,  President of AT&T (bio points below)  Enron:  Jeff Skilling, Stewart Seeligson, David Cox  Adventis: Partha Ghosh, Andy Belt and Mark Bruneau (via telephone)   Background:  As you well know, over the last 9 months EBS has made substantial efforts to establish a significant commercial relationship with AT&T. Thus far, there have been no transactions between EBS and AT&T other than a couple dozen of circuit purchases by us mostly local loop. Previously, our primary senior point of contact with AT&T has been Frank Ianna (President of Network Services). It is probable that Ianna brought only the typical legacy perspective which prevented him from seeing how we could facilitate the AT&T business from a wholesale relationship. They seemed to only want to sell us services. Adventis advises us that Ianna now reports to David Dorman and that Dorman should be able to better understand the value that EBS can bring to further his business objectives. It is my understanding that it will only be Dorman at the meeting (he is supposedly not bringing Ianna). I view this meeting as a worthwhile shot to see if it is worth pursuing AT&T at all for the balance of the year for a big transaction. Dorman's positive receptability to us is the only reason I can see to spend significant resources on AT&T in the near future. EBS - AT&T History  Jun 2000 EES sponsored Executive Briefing with focus on EES and EBS - attendants include Frank Ianna from AT&T. Oct 2000 - Extensive EBS team meets with extensive AT&T team to set up eight tactical and strategic working teams to find opportunities for the   companies to build a bilateral commercial relationship. After three weeks, results were presented to executive committee of both teams. Nothing materializes. Potential Opportunities  AT&T currently spends a significant amount each year (expected to be in the $100s of millions) on offnet services (wholesale expenses) . EBS would like AT&T to allocate a potion of the purchases towards EBS. Adventis states there are currently numerous major undertakings by AT&T which are transforming the telecommunications operations at AT&T. Is there not something EBS could do to help advance these undertakings? At a minimum we would like AT&T to interconnect to our pooling points. Final Note  I do not think we should lead with trading. We should lead with our ability to provide services to the wholesale sector of the industry. The typical reaction we get from incumbent players is that if they don't trade or if they think that trading puts downward pressure on prices, then they should not do business with Enron. They need to understand that they don't need to trade to have a valuable business relationship with  Enron   Bio Points on David Darmon  Received a bachelors degree in Industrial Management from Georgia Institute of Technology  Became the 55th employee at Sprint  Rose quickly to become the president of Sprint Business and grew it from $5 million to $4.5 billion in revenue with 10,000 employees. Became CEO of Pacific Bell in 1994 at age 39  Joined AT&T in 1998 as the CEO of Concert  Appointed President of AT&T in 2000   <Sep> Subject :  Talking Points - AT&T 
Email : Hi Jeff,  I am Andy Liu, Co-founder and President of NetConversions, a company based in Seattle. Our company helps Fortune 1000/Global 2000 companies improve their online presence and email communications to better serve customers. Our True Usability(TM) solution identifies areas of improvement that will ensure better customer experience thus driving more customers to pay their bills online or to conserve more energy or to facilitate communication. Given your business objectives, we can help you achieve it on a large scale. We can help launch an email campaign that improves each time an email is opened. Our technology is based on leading research from Wharton and UT-Austin professors and have been proven to be successful. I would like to share with you some of the solutions we use to help our clients realize their business goals. I'd be happy to speak with you over the phone. What time would be most convenient for you: Friday, May 11th at 10am or Monday, May 14th at 11am? Thanks! Best regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Improving customer communications and satisfaction 
Email : Ken and Jeff:  As you know, last year Enron produced its first ever EHS annual report with some mentions of our new Corporate Responsibility program. We are producing this year's version, which is expanded both in the environmental reporting as well as our human rights and social initiatives covered. Mike Terraso and I would like to include an opening letter by the two of you (last year Ken signed it). Will you please review the attached and edit, comment or approve by next week? We appreciate your help with this.   <Sep> Subject :  Chairman and CEO Statement for the 2000 EHS annual report 
Email : Jeff,  Hope all is well with you. I'm just dropping you this note to let you know I haven't forgotten your call concerning the sale of your share in the Rio house...I've been extremely busy getting my immigration status in order and setting up my company in London. I've also asked Price Waterhouse to update all the accounts of Swanswalk Ltd in Ireland (the company that owns the house) and see the best way forward for a potential transaction seeking to minimize Brazilian and Irish taxes. My personal matters should take me a few more weeks and I will contact you to discuss the house shortly thereafter. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Rio house 
Email : Hello Jeff  A voice from the past. Hope you are doing well. I wanted to gain your assistance to point me to the most appropriate person I could interview at Enron. I am helping a client understand how companies in the US Natural Gas and Power industry are coping with the challenges in their industry in terms of developing and retaining the "right skills". So, someone who could provide an external perspective of how players in the industry are coping with the challenges as well as an internal perspective on Enron would be great for me to interview. If that means more than one individual, that is fine too. Hope this is not too much of an imposition. I'll undertake the conversation over the telephone and keep it short.   <Sep> Subject :  Guidance 
Email : Please respond to  Hello Jeff,  I hope you are well. Below is a background on our firm. As you will see what characterizes our candidates is their current or recent experiences. Many have already rolled out into industry as well. Hawkes-Peers & Co. is an executive search firm based in NYC, specializing in identifying opportunities for top-tier consultants from the top strategy firms-McKinsey,  Bain, BCG, AT Kearney, and Booz Allen, who are looking to move into the corporate sector. These candidates also share the common qualification of an MBA from one of the elite business schools such as Harvard, Wharton, Sloan, Kellogg, etc. Our focus targets this network of individuals on an ongoing basis, keeping an active portfolio of these management consultants from which we can draw for appropriate opportunities. The emergence, growth, and continued vitality of Hawkes-Peers are a direct result of the increased demand for strategy consulting professionals throughout the United States. Our intent is to identify and re-position only those professionals who will enhance and build quality organizations; and to adhere to high professional and ethical standards that serve the best interests of our clients and our profession. Our extensive network can allow your organization to be highly selective and save you invaluable time. We can give you the ability to select amongst the most talented strategic, operations, and management consulting professionals; and build strength in the future of your company. If you have an interest in the pool of talent that we represent, I would be more than happy to provide you with more information. Additionally, I can send samples of our past introductions as well as resumes provided with permission from the candidate. Sincerely,   <Sep> Subject :  Hawkes Peers & Co. 
Email : <<MF May 11th, 2001.pdf>>      Good Friday Morning - Comments From The Local Guys! Economic data so far this quarter has been extremely ambiguous. On the one hand, the employment figures released last Friday were soft, with net hiring shrinking for the second consecutive month and the unemployment rate rising to 4.5%. On the other hand, consumer sentiment has improved, and the April   <Sep> Subject :  The Morning Market Call - Friday May 11th, 2001. 
Email : I spoke with Oscar Wyatt this afternoon on Crown and subsequently to Tom Bachtell, an attorney in Utah who is attempting to organize shareholders to replace existing management. Crown has an asphalt oil sand production facility in northeast Utah and an asphalt distribution company. Bachtell owns about 4-5% of the stock. Mr. Wyatt indicated he had a "small" holding. I indicated that we would consider any proposal that might result in salvaging some value from this investment. We hold convertible preferred and a small amount of common at an original cost of $5.5 million in 1997. Fully converted, our ownership would be approximately 25%. The Company has a net deficit of $21 million and a "going concern" paragraph in its audit opinion. We have written down our carrying value to nil. The Company in engaged in an arbitration proceeding against MCN Energy and MCNIC Pipeline. MCNIC has interests in the asphalt assets and is a lender to Crown. MCNIC attempted to foreclose on certain Crown assets and Crown in turn counter-sued for $100 million. The arbitration hearing will be held July 23 - August 10. If Crown obtained an award from the arbitration, some value could be restored to our investment. We will get further information from Bachtell on the details of his plans and recommend what position Enron should take in this matter.   <Sep> Subject :  Crown Energy 
Email : Hi Mark;   Thank you for the comments on Macedonia. I take it you have started your book since you said "Details will be in the book!" Not much new here most excitement is about a May 5 Wedding!! The White Sox are having a slow start with a 4-7 record and neither the hitting or pitching very good. However the season is young ---- I hope.   <Sep> Subject :  Pictures 
Email : Dear Ken:  This note builds on the earlier voice mail, and a memorandum I have sent to   you, following the Dave Dorman meeting. Given the initial ground work done by   our team at ATT leadership level, the meeting between Jeff and David Dorman,   we think did go as expected by us. I am sure Dave and Stewart, along with   Jeff have shared their views of the meeting, and do feel positive about  the   process forward. Our take on the meeting is as follows:  1. Dave Dorman is open and eager to explore ways ATT and Enron could   cooperate across the board. 2. Dave wants to move fast, but at a pace that will work within ATT, and is   strategically sound for both the organizations  3. He is now looking forward to specific value propositions from   Enron-Adventis team, which he is prepared to discuss with us. 4. On that basis I am sure he will guide us to the most appropriate guys   within ATT who will need to understand and act on the value propositions. In view of the above the real work begins now. As discussed with Dave and   Stewart, we will further reinforce our commitment to develop, and take the   basic proposals with ATT forward. Our team is already on the job and will   meet with Stewart early this week. I did indicate to both Dave and Stewart that we will like to take the next   steps in a most expeditious and matured fashion so that all the strategic   possibilities to create the new bandwidth dynamics between the two companies   could be achieved. Given that there were some hesitation within Enron on the out come of the   first meeting with ATT, we committed to the last 2.5 weeks of work with a   reduced fee structure. Now that the first major step has been successfully   taken, we plan to work with you along our normal professional fee schedule. As we do want to move as fast as possible and if at any point indications are   that the desired out come will be difficult to achieve we could stop and   review progress. As a result, although not common, we are willing to work   with a weekly rate, adjusted to professional fees of $75,000/week and out of   pocket expenses. In addition of course for an engagement of this nature which   essentially leverages our firms professional credibility and trust in the   industry, our clients pay us on the basis of successful execution of the   alliance formation along preset milestones. Given the strategic nature of this engagement, and our commitment to assist   you with all the major Telcos, -- incumbents and new, we will welcome to   <Sep> Subject :  Moving forward: URGENT, URGENT. 
Email : A police officer pulls a guy over for speeding and has the following  exchange: Officer: May I see your driver's  license? Driver: I don't have one. I had it suspended when I got my  5th DUI. Officer: May I see the owner's card for this  vehicle? Driver: It's not my car. I stole it. Officer: The  car is stolen? Driver: That's right. But come to think of it, I think  I saw the owner's card in the glove box when I was putting my gun in  there. Officer: There's a gun in the glove box? Driver: Yes  sir. That's where I put it after I shot and killed the woman who owns this  car and stuffed her in the trunk. Officer: There's a BODY in the  TRUNK?!?!? Driver: Yes, sir. Hearing this, the officer  immediately called his captain. The car was quickly surrounded by police, and  the captain approached the driver to handle the tense  situation: Captain: Sir, can I see your  license? Driver: Sure. Here it is. It was  valid. Captain: Who's car is this? Driver: It's mine,  officer. Here's the owner' card. The driver owned the  car. Captain: Could you slowly open your glove box so I can see if  there's a gun  in it? Driver: Yes, sir, but there's no gun in it. Sure  enough, there was nothing in the glove box. Captain: Would you mind  opening your trunk? I was told you said there's body in it. Driver: No  problem. Trunk is opened; no body. Captain: I don't understand  it. The officer who stopped you said you told him you didn't have a license,  stole the car, had a gun in the glove box, and that there was a dead body in  the trunk. Driver: Yeah, I'll bet the liar told you I was speeding,  too!   <Sep> Subject :  speeding 
Email : Some questions in advance of the 42nd floor meeting on the 16th:  Do you expect  the current crisis in California will result in an "overbuilt" situation for the pipelines serving California, similar to 1993-94? It seems like everyone has an expansion proposal. Do you expect the situation in India to be resolved to our satisfaction? What is your projection for year-end stock price?   <Sep> Subject :  QUESTIONS 
Email : Mr. Skilling,  I wanted to make you aware of the fact that I was leaving NewPower. My last day at NewPower should be in the week to come. Foremost, I wanted to thank you for the time you have given me while I was at Enron and NewPower. This past year at NewPower has been a very intense and intellectually lucrative learning experience, which have brought me many skills. My experience at both companies has been wonderful, fruitful and exciting. I was glade to see that the NewPower/Enron Employee program faired well. Best continuation, as President & CEO of Enron Corp and to your family. Will look forward to the chance of meeting with you again. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Hi 
Email : Dear Mr. Skilling:  I write on behalf of Jerry Murdock, who is currently in Europe. Mr. Murdock asked me to pass on the following information regarding your telephone call scheduled for 10:00am (CST) on Tuesday, May 15. Insight Capital hosts a quarterly dinner with Robert Rubin and Steve Friedman and other selected guests. Our next dinner is scheduled for July 19 and will be held in Aspen, Colorado. The Current State of the Global Market will be one of the topics under discussion and Jack Welch of GE is one of your fellow invitees. The purpose of your conversation with Mr. Murdock is to discuss the above in more detail and to more fully brief you on the purpose of these dinners. Please do not hesitate to contact me should you require any further information.   <Sep> Subject :  Telephone Call with Jerry Murdock 
Email : Hi Jeff:  Survived my trip back and a week alone with the kiddies while Nina was out at her conference in Corsica. Just got notified that the first film I sent off to shutterfly is available. There are some really great photos from the wedding day. I'm sending you the link (by separate email)  if you're interested and will make copies of the likely photos for you and rebecca once I've gotten all the rolls processed. If you see any in particular that you like, let me know and I'll get copies made of those too. (There's a really good one of the two of you with Shukran!) I really enjoyed hanging out with both of you and am looking forward to seeing you one of these days in SF. I don't have rebecca's email. Please sent her my love.   <Sep> Subject :  gidday 
Email : Mr. Jeffrey K. Skilling  CEO  Enron Corp.  Dear Mr. Skilling:  I am pleased to invite you to attend Rethinking Retail Energy: Market Risks & Opportunities. To be held June 19-21 at the Royal Sonesta Hotel in Cambridge, MA, this CERA Executive Retreat will bring together leaders from the utility, energy service provider, technology, and financial communities for presentations and interactive discussions on strategic challenges and opportunities in today's retail energy markets. In addition to CERA's experts, we also have a number of outstanding speakers confirmed, including: * Bob Dickerman, President, Sempra Energy Solutions  * Kevin Fox, Senior VP & General Manager - Trading, Marketing & Risk Management, Aquila  * Carol Guthrie, Group Manager -- Electricity Supply, Chevron   <Sep> Subject :  UPDATE:  Rethinking Retail Energy - Market Risks & Opportunities 
Email : Here's your chance to be on the news tomorrow morning if that rings you bell! Sorry for the short notice, but we just received this opportunity a few minutes ago. Please respond ASAP only if you are planning to be there. Thank you.   <Sep> Subject :  URGENT - WANT TO BE ON THE NEWS TOMORROW? 
Email : Hi  Jeff,   I am following up on  a confidential manuscript I sent you a few days ago of "Digital Storm  - Fresh business strategies from the Electronic Marketplace". Is is a book about B2B E-Commerce and E-Markets after the hype. It will be  distributed by Wiley this summer as an A+ title (lead category) and Hasso  Plattner, CEO of SAP wrote the preface. Enron is  featured as the most successful marketplace to date with a bright  future. I was wondering,  whether you would like to include a testimonial for the book. It would certainly also be good marketing for Enron's entry into new  marketplaces. For your convenience I include a potential  quote:   Running  the world's largest electronic marketplace, we embrace the opportunities and  challenges of B2B E-Commerce. In 'Digital Storm' Philipp Gerbert and his  colleagues give a powerful analysis of what has been learnt and invaluable  insights for future strategies in this area. (you can of course  write what you want; more ideas are in the attachment, which also contains  additional information). I apologize that  this is a bit urgent - the deadline is Friday this week  May 18th). I very much hope  that you enjoy the manuscript. Perhaps you would be interested to further  discuss the ideas. Best regards, Phil  Gerbert   <Sep> Subject :  Digital Storm - deadline May 18th. 
Email : IDC's Flagship Event:  The European IT Forum 2001 - 11th Edition  Grimaldi Forum, Monaco, 17 and 18 September  "Old and New Worlds Collide in Europe: Will Business Take the Leap? Dear Mr. Skilling,   Business  leaders,  market  players  and media representatives who attend IDC's  European  IT  Forum  each  year  rate it the most prestigious and authoritative  eBusiness conference in Europe. Past  speakers  at our Forum have included global business leaders such as Bill  Gates,  Larry  Ellison,  Scott McNealy, Tim Koogle, Michael Capellas, Sir Peter  Bonfield;  Economists  and  Technology  Gurus  Nicholas Negroponte, Gary Hamel,  Jeremy  Rifkin,  George  Gilder,  Geoffrey Moore; Venture Capitalists, Bankers,  eBusiness Stars and the most senior IDC analysts. Although  we  are  still  several  months  away  from this year's event, we are  pleased  to  confirm the participation of the following industry leaders: Carly  Fiorina  (CEO  of  HP),  Michael  Capellas  (CEO of Compaq), Jeff Bezos (CEO of  Amazon.com),  Joe  Tucci (CEO of EMC) and the "gurus" Gary Hamel, Lester Thurow  and Michael Porter. The key themes this year will be:   -   the Internet stock crash and current economic slowdown  -   how Internet technologies can help overcome the present financial downturn  -   how the economy of established companies and the new order of dot-coms are  merging  -   how companies can formulate winning strategies by combining the Internet  with traditional competitive advantages  -   how Europe can take advantage of current favorable market conditions to  catch-up with the US  -   how investments in Internet infrastructures and eCommerce will drive a  major economic development worldwide over the next decade   We  would  be  honoured  if  you  would  accept our invitation to speak at this  important event during the breakout session entitled: "eBusiness Strategies for  Brick & Mortars"that will take place on Monday 17 September at 16.00-17.30. We  anticipate  a  select audience of CEOs and board-level delegates as well as  columnists  from  key  European publications, as well as TV and other broadcast  media. We hope that you can accept our invitation to present your vision of the future  of the internet economy at IDC's European IT Forum. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Best regards,    Roberto Masiero  President IDC EMEA   (See attached file: IT Forum 2001 agenda13.doc)   - IT Forum 2001 agenda13.doc   <Sep> Subject :  IDC invite you to speak at its Flagship Event 
Email : =20 =20 WALL Robert L. Wall M.D., of Dublin, Oh., Thursday, October 11, 2001 at OSU=   Medical Center. Survived by wife of 50 years, Julie; children, Bruce (Kat= hy)  Wall, Kyme (Ian) Rennick, Rob (Carol) Wall, Wendy (Peter) Hillan and P= oco;  grandchildren, Sarah A., Tyler and Travis Wall, Daniel and Julie Elle= n Rennick,  Ben and Brendan Hillan; sister, Margie (Marshall) Wood. Devoted=  husband, father,  physician, teacher and friend. Dr. Robert Wall was profe= ssor emeritus of The  Ohio State University College of Medicine in the divi= sion of hematology and  oncology. As a member of the medical facility for 3= 4 years, he was regarded as a  superb teacher and an astute researcher. He = was secretary of the College and an  assistant dean from 1971 to 1973. He s= erved as president of the University  Hospitals' Medical Society for four y= ears, chairman of the Committee on Joint  Accreditation in 1972 and module = leader for hematology in the independent Study  Program. He was a member of=  the University Faculty Council and University  Senate. A fellow of the Ame= rican College of Physicians, his memberships included  the American Society=  of Hematology, International Society of Hematology,  American Association = for Advancement of Science and the Reticuloendothelial  Society. He was pre= sident of the Medical Review Club in 1972 and is an honorary  member of Alp= ha Omega Alpha. Dr. Wall was a member of the National Academy of  Sciences = - National Research Council committee on plasma proteins and blood  product= s, and a consultant for JAMA, Annals of Internal Medicine and Archives  for=  Internal Medicine. He earned his medical degree from Temple University  Co= llege of Medicine, then served an internship at Bryn Mawr Hospital before h= is  two-year term in the U.S. Army as chief of blood research at Walter Ree= d Medical  Center. Memorial service 7:30 p.m. Tuesday, October 16, 2001 at = Upper Arlington  Lutheran Church, 2300 Lytham Road. Pastor Paul Ulring offi= ciating. Family will  receive friends following the service at church. In l= ieu of flowers, family  requests donations if desired to be made to UALC En= dowment Fund, 2300 Lytham  Rd., Upper Arlington, Oh. 43221, or Upper Arling= ton Rotary, West Broad Street  School Fund, P.O. Box 12013, Columbus, Oh. 4= 3212. Arrangements by RUTHERFORD  FUNERAL HOME at Powell, 450 W. Olentangy = Street, Powell, Oh. =20 =20   <Sep> Subject :  [smu-betas] Bruce Wall's Father has passed 
Email : Jeff:  It was an honor to represent EBS in the Dell meeting this morning. I learned quite a bit about where Dell is on our initiatives and appreciate the platform you provided to advance our causes. Thank you again for having me in the meeting. Sincerely,   <Sep> Subject :  Dell Meeting 
Email : This is a pre-invitation to the 2001 49'ers Musical Roast on May 15,2001 at the Aerial Theater. You will be receiving your invitation by mail within the next week. <<YPO 49'er.pps>>       - YPO 49'er.pps   <Sep> Subject :  YPO 49'ers 
Email : Attached is an invitation for the Harvard-Yale Game. This year, we are doing a few things differently, and we really hope you can join us:    - Children's activities and free kid's admission! - Reduced pricing for recent graduates! - A flag football game challenge from the Yale Club (message attached)  It should be a very fun afternoon. Come and join the fun! ********************************** A Message from the Yale Club to the Harvard Club:  We are throwing down the white hankerchief to challenge the Harvard Club's mettle. Following the broadcast of The Game, the local Harvard alums can redeem their football team's performance during a flag football game to be played on the grounds of The Bayou Club -- henceforth to be known as The   <Sep> Subject :  Harvard-Yale Game 
Email : I am forwarding this message which I received yesterday for your review and action. Imagine the chilling effect that a tax would have on the exchange of nostalgia that has been taking place between the brethren. Even if you don't participate directly it has been a pleasure to watch. My name is Starkey Sharp. I graduated in 1974. I don't remember my number, but I think it was around 504. Federal Bill 602p  Guess the warnings were true. Federal Bill 602P 5-cents per E-mail sent. It figures! No more free E-mail! We knew this was coming!! Bill 602P will permit the Federal Government to charge a 5-cent charge on every delivered E-mail. Please read the following carefully if you intend to stay online and continue using E-mail. The last few months have revealed an alarming trend in the Government of the United States attempting to quietly push through legislation that will affect our use of the Internet. Under proposed legislation, the US Postal Service will be attempting to bill E-mail users out of "alternative postage fees." Bill 602P will permit the Federal Government to charge a 5-cent surcharge on every e-mail delivered, by billing Internet Service Providers at source. The consumer would then be billed in turn by the ISP. Washington DC lawyer Richard Stepp is working without pay to prevent this legislation from becoming law. The US Postal Service is claiming lost revenue, due to the proliferation of E-mail, is costing nearly $230,000,000 in revenue per year. You may have noticed their recent ad campaign: "There is nothing like a letter." Since the average person received about 10 pieces of E-mail per day in 1998, the cost of the typical individual would be an additional 50 cents a day --   <Sep> Subject :  [smu-betas] FW: Federal Bill 602p 
Email : Jeff, I've attached a copy of the letter describing the loan of the Madeline O'Connor piece to the McNay Museum in San Antonio this summer. Please let me or Betty Moody at Moody Gallery know if you have any questions. Also, have you had a chance to make a decision about a piece for the niche between the boys' rooms? Thanks. Leigh Edwards   <Sep> Subject :  Madeline O'Connor 
Email : Attached is the registration form for the Tour de Braz in Alvin on June 2. If you are interested in participating in this ride, please fill out the form and mail to the address located on the form. For reimbursement, I will need a copy of the registration form and check. Thanks! Steph :  )   <Sep> Subject :  Tour de Braz 
Email : Attached are the documents for our meeting on Nov. 11  at 7:30 am at Paul's office. Mark Day is the head of Merrill Lynch's Trust  Co. in Houston. Merrill has developed an alliance with community foundations  around the country, some of which have been very success for all parties, i.e.,  the community foundations, Merrill Lynch and their brokers and clients. I will  be mailing the 3rd quarters investment reults to you. Please confirm to me   your attendance for the meeting. Thanks, Bob   <Sep> Subject :  Meeting 11-14-01 
Email : I want to document my appreciation for your efforts and attitude during this incident. You showed compassion and moved quickly to resolve the issue. There was no hesitation on April's part to make loans to Jenny and me. Compensatory efforts have resulted in April taking Jenny and me to lunch, Amy initiating and funding another lunch for us and Dave Parquet mandating us four hours pay for waiting at home on a Saturday to recieve replacement checks via Fedex that turned out to be non-negotiable. I have cc'd Jeff Skilling because I believe he needs to know that he has very efficient and compassionate people working for Enron. April, Amy and Cristina, thank you for being yourselves.   <Sep> Subject :  Paycheck Fiasco 
Email : There is still time to make your reservations for the cocktail reception and Town Meeting scheduled for 6pm on Thursday, November 8th at The Briar Club (2603 Timmons Lane). Don't miss Dr. Roland Smith, the feature speaker. Call today and get a discount on your admission fee. For additional meeting details, please see below. Please join us for a cocktail reception and Harvard Club of Houston Town Meeting featuring Dr. Roland Smith, Jr. Member of Harvard Alumni Association (HAA) Board of Directors Associate Provost and Professor of Education, Rice University Thursday, November 8th 6pm - 8pm The Briar Club 2603 Timmons Lane   <Sep> Subject :  Harvard Club Town Meeting 11/8/01 - REMINDER 
Email : Jeff,  Judy Lay Allen, an associate of yours on the Federal Reserve board, spoke with Joannie Williamson today regarding my desire to interview at Enron. I am a graduate of Princeton University with two years experience in financial modeling and communications. Towards assessing my skill set relative to peers, I took and received a 740 on my GMAT. I have also interned in a gas exploration company and am familiar with the industry; likewise, I have worked with clients in telecommunications and am aware of the work Enron is doing in the bandwidth trading/pooling field. I am aware of Enron's executive training/business analyst programs and am highly interested in exploring opportunities therein. I am in Houston through Friday evening and, given the short notice, would be grateful for any opportunity to meet with the appropriate person any time Thursday or Friday. I look forward to interviewing and applying my experience at Enron. Best regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Enron Candidate 
Email : Get Connected with e-Statements. Sign up for Electronic Statements from Enron Federal Credit Union by November 15 to be entered into a contest to win a Palm Vx! Log on to www.enronfcu.com to apply or for more information.   <Sep> Subject :  EFCU Gets You Connected 
Email : Now is the best time in years  to purchase an aircraft! Pre-owned jet aircraft  prices are at historic lows. Now more than ever safety,  security, control . . . Omni offers the following aircraft  priced to sell! Full pictures, specifications and price are at:   WWW.OMNIJET.COM     Astra                            s/n  16 Beechjet  400            s/n  RJ-7 Beechjet  400A      s/n RK-126 Beechjet  400A      s/n RK-136 Citation  I/SP                 s/n 32 Citation  II                    s/n  667 Citation S/II                s/n  125 Citation V  Ultra          s/n  422 Citation  500                s/n 110 Diamond  1A              s/n  57 Diamond 1A               s/n  6   Gulfstream  II/SP        s/n 51 Gulfstream  II/SP         s/n 81 Gulfstream  II              s/n  94 Gulfstream  IIB          s/n  199 Gulfstream  III           s/n  483 Gulfstream  V            s/n  522 Hawker  400F       s/n NA763 Hawker  600F      s/n 256015 Hawker  700       s/n NA0338 Hawker  700       s/n NA0213 Hawker  800       s/n  NA0422 Jetstar 731              s/n 5054 Learjet  31A             s/n  128 Learjet  31A             s/n  220 Learjet  35A             s/n  220 Lear  35A                  s/n 627 Sabre  65                      s/n   Westwind  1             s/n  281 Westwind  2             s/n  374 Westwind 1124         s/n 204 Conquest  1             s/n  143 Gulfstream  I            s/n  156 King Air  F90      s/n LA-168   WE WANT OFFERS! Click here to go to  WWW.OMNIJET.COM   <Sep> Subject :  Jet Aircraft - Priced to sell 
Email : =09=09=09 C.E. UNTERBERG, TOWBIN  =09 =09=09=09 Trader Talk November 9, 2001  =09 =09=09=09 The market soared on the wings of Icarus today? =09 =09=09=09 Market Summary  =09 =09=09=09 The market soared on the wings of Icarus today? the European Cent= ral Banks cut their interest rates after we cut ours earlier this week. Wee= kly initial jobless claims were down 46,000, and retail sales were up 2.3%.=  The Dow was up 167, the NASDAQ up 51, and the S&P up 20?The market flew to=  high to fast and burnt its wing on the sun?The minutes were released from = the FOMC showing the 50 point basis cut was a unanimous decision and laying=  the Fed's uncertainty bare. Profit-takers swooped in and the market fell b= ack to earth with the Nasdaq down 9.76 points or 0.53% at 1827.77, the Dow = closing up 33.08 points or 0.35% at 9587.45, and the S&P up 2.73 points or = 0.25% at 1118.53. Tech's winners today were AOL (AOL Time Warner) up 5.7%; = SUNW (Sun Micro) up 5.4%; MU (Micron) up 3.9%, otherwise it was all no chan= ge or red change: Semi Capital: AMAT* (Applied Materials) down 2.4%; KLAC (= KLA-Tencor) down 3.5%; NVLS* (Novellus) down 1.8%; IBM and DELL didn't go v= ery far but HWP (Hewlett Packard) down 4.3%; AAPL (Apple) down 4.5%; GTW (G= ateway) down 3.0%?Outside tech: Autos: GM (General Motors) up 2.4%; F (Ford= ) up 3.0%; DCX (Daimler-Chrysler) up 1.4%?Energy: DUK (Duke Energy) up 4.9%= ; ETR (Entergy) up 3.7%; ED (ConEd) up 1.1%?In the red: BioTech: AMGN (Amge= n) down 3.9%; GENZ (Genzyme) down 2.0%; BGEN (Biogen) down 2.3%     -John D=   <Sep> Subject :  C.E. Unterberg, Towbin 11/09/01TraderTalk 
Email : It is amazing how fast e-mail works. Within 2 minutes of sending out the message saying we had 2 spots open, they were filled! Thank you for your interest. If you would like to be placed on a wait list for either the December 4-6 or 5-7 trips, let me know. Roy Steinhagen   <Sep> Subject :  Navy Fly Away Full! 
Email : Enron Cycling Club Meeting Wednesday, November 14  11:30 a.m. EB49C4  A box lunch will be served  Please RSVP to Elizabeth Boudreaux or Stephanie Strong so we will have an accurate headcount for lunch. Thank you! !   <Sep> Subject :  Enron Cycling Club Meeting This Week 
Email : THIS MESSAGE IS BROUGHT TO YOU BY ELIZABETH BOUDREAUX,  OUR NEW EVENTS COORDINATOR OF THE ENRON CYCLING CLUB   Hello Enron Cycle Club members! Mark your calendar:  the Second Annual Holiday Ride of Lights and Dinner Celebration will be Sunday, December 9, beginning at 5pm! Decorate your bike and/or person with festive decorations and lights, and come ready to party! Invite your family to join us on the ride, as it will be a leisurely tour of Houston's decorated homes. The total ride distance will be about 7 miles. We will eat dinner together before the ride- stay tuned for details on WHERE. (the next email will also include a ride map)  The West U Schwinn Bike Shop will lead us on the ride once again- thanks to Jeff and his team! Do NOT forget your helmet, and a light for your bike! We will be riding in the dark, and we want safety first!! RSVP to Elizabeth Boudreaux, via email, BY WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 21, and include the number of people you will be bringing from your family. See you there! !   <Sep> Subject :  Holiday Right of Lights 
Email : Happy Thanksgiving Jeffrey...  For any changes to your record, please use reply on your e-mail program with this entire message included because each record is individualized. Your private record is in "WWW." Feel free to share this story of Thanksgiving with friends and family   <Sep> Subject :  Thanksgiving story to share with family and friends for Jeffrey  Skilling ... 
Email : Many of you have asked to send an email when we launch. I am pleased to let you know that ZapMedia officially launched its flagship product, the  ZapStation - a multimedia CD/DVD  player and digital music/movie jukebox, with unlimited Internet access and up-to-date news from the USATODAY - a precedent in the rapidly growing digital home entertainment space. Below is an ad that appeared in the 11/14/01 Sports Section of the USATODAY, courtesy of our partners at Gannett. You can also get more details at www.zapmedia.com. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  We've Launched... 
Email : Dear Guests:  We hope that by now you would have had a chance to register as a TiE Angel and made plans to attend the TiE Angel Forum on June 2nd. If you have not had a chance to do so please visit www.tie-houston.org and register. Registration is at 8:30 AM. The event will begin at 9.00 AM. Breakfast will be served. Feel free to ask any questions at info@tie-houston.org  Venue: Westin Oaks 5011 Westheimer Houston, TX 77056  Timing: June 2nd, 2001, 9AM - 12 Noon Sponsors:     - Pannell, Kerr, Forster of Texas     - Ernst & Young   <Sep> Subject :  "Reminder for TIE Angel Forum on June 2nd 
Email : Jeff, I am headed to Istanbul & the Greek Isles for vacation in late June. I happened to be talking with Rebecca who indicated that you guys had just gotten back from Istanbul for a wedding & that you have a brother that lives there. We will be in Istanbul for only 3 days & want to make the best use of time possible. I think that Rebecca mentioned that you knew of a private guide that we might be able to book for full or half days. I would love to do that & wondered if you might have the name & phone number of the guide. Also, I would love to hear your thoughts on what there is to do & if you have any restaurant recomendations. We are staying at the same hotel that you & Rebecca just stayed at & it will be the first time in Istanbul for both of us. Jeff, thanks in advance for your insight & help!!! Cheryl   <Sep> Subject :  A trip to Turkey 
Email : Jeff,  Sorry for the original e-mail below. A Portuguese speaker sending e-mails in English where he should not. He has been terminated (for reasons unrelated to the e-mail) and I consider the issue closed. If any doubts please do not hesitate to call. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Apology for previous e-mail 
Email : Dear Jeff How are you? I hope everything is allrigth for you. My father wanted to sent a letter to you. And he wrote his feelings in Turkish and I just translated it. I think he loved you a lot.. Please find his letter below. Please say hello to Rebecca . See you soon. Regards   <Sep> Subject :  Best wishes from Turkey 
Email : John -- Jeff Skilling asked me to forward the attached materials that he mentioned to you yesterday. Ken Lay discussed this comprehensive solution to California's energy crisis last week with a group of San Jose CEOs -- Dan Scheinman attended on your behalf. As a result of that meeting, we drafted the attached letter for CEOs to send to the Governor and following legislators:   <Sep> Subject :  California Solution Materials 
Email : I want to ask a question for e:speak today but I don't want my name put on the question. There are some internet gurus working on e:mail from Mars. I would like to know if Enron has plans on getting involved in  interplanetary communication. Tomorrow will be here faster than you think! Thank you for your valued and important time and my privacy. Diana   <Sep> Subject :  CONFIDENTIAL 
Email : Attached for your information is a memo that we plan to send out to employees worldwide Monday afternoon or Tuesday morning discussing the Policy Committee's cost saving recommendations. To the extent there are unique aspects of these policies as they apply to your business unit, please follow up with a further communication to your employees. We will send you a list of frequently asked questions that deal with systems issues. Thank you.   <Sep> Subject :  Cost Savings Memo 
Email : Due to construction delays at the Houston Center  for Contemporary Craft, we are postponing the donor appreciation reception  (scheduled for May 2) until September. We will let you know the  new date as soon as it is determined. We are mailing a notice to all those invited  today. Please call if you have any questions. Linda Gardner   <Sep> Subject :  Donor Appreciation Event 
Email : Lou,  per my conversations with several of your folks in Enron last week, i would like to see if we could do a short call to debrief on your and our efforts... and any potential opportunities for cooperation going forward. please let me know if you have 30/45 minutes in the next week or so. All the best,   <Sep> Subject :  DRAPER FISHER JURVETSON/ENRON 
Email : Jeff, I noticed one of your questions on E Speak today concerned the disposal of waste food from the Energizer. Coincidentally one of our companies, Custom Feeds, is negotiating with Marriott for the right to collect all of the waste food from their various corporate facilities for processing into animal feed. This is probably a better solution than giving the food to the homeless since it may not be deemed safe for consumption by health authorities after setting out at room temperature. Also regarding Custom Feeds they just signed a 3 year contract to sell 95% of their capacity to a large agricultural feed wholesaler beginning with Custom Feeds first production runs. This will put Custom Feeds ahead of the projections on which we based the investment. Gene   <Sep> Subject :  E Speak 
Email : EARN BONUS MILES OR STARPOINTS WITH MILES-BY-NIGHT(SM) LATIN AMERICA. Thank you for participating in the recent Starwood Preferred Guest(SM) Miles- By-Night promotion in the U.S. Now there's an even more rewarding offer available in Latin America. You can earn 1,000 bonus miles or Starpoints(SM) every night you stay in Latin America! When you register for Miles-By-Night(SM) Latin America, every night counts. From June 1 through September 30, 2001, you'll earn your choice of 1,000 bonus miles from participating airline frequent flyer programs or 1,000 bonus Starpoints every night you stay. That's in addition to the miles or Starpoints you always earn as a Starwood Preferred Guest! The Miles-By-Night Latin America bonus is available at participating Westin Hotels & Resorts(R), Sheraton Hotels & Resorts(R), Four Points(R) by Sheraton and The Luxury Collection(R) hotels throughout Latin America. THERE'S NO LIMIT TO THE BONUS MILES OR STARPOINTS YOU CAN EARN DURING THIS PROMOTION! Miles-By-Night Latin America airline bonus miles are available to members of American Airlines(R) AAdvantage(R), Continental Airlines OnePass(R), Delta Air Lines SkyMiles(R) and United Airlines Mileage Plus(R).   <Sep> Subject :  Earn 1,000 Bonus Miles Every Night! 
Email : =09   Issue for: June 2001       Is Your Company Ready to go Mobile? Informat= ion Anytime, Anywhere. Mobile devices enable an organization to take its t= raditional computing infrastructure and existing data, and extend it to the=  furthest reaches of its business. Your company can place the information = and services  in the hands of those making critical business decisions and = serving customers any time, anywhere. No matter where someone works, mobi= le devices enable them to access the information and services they need to = get their job done faster with higher quality. Some of the types of appli= cations deployed on Handheld PCs are:  Inventory Management  Sales Force Au= tomation  Customer Service  Financial Services  Healthcare/Medical   Visit =  our web site to view two white papers from Microsoft on mobile solutions i= n the Enterprise. Easily Add Yahoo! E-Commerce to Your Site =  Looking for an inexpensive, easy-to-implement solution? If you are looki= ng for a low-cost way to add e-commerce to your site, Yahoo! and ESX may ha= ve a solution for you. Yahoo! Store is a turn-key online storefront. With i= t you build custom pages to sell your products and then manage your busines= s with their easy-to-use design tools. The store is hosted on Yahoo! 's secu= re servers so you can accept orders and process credit card payments online= , 24 hours a day. You can incorporate Yahoo shopping directly into your exi= sting site, and your visitors won't even know the difference. Obviously, if=  you have custom requiements or  are looking for a more comprehensive solut= ion, let us do a review of your specific needs. But if you are looking for = a low cost way to get into true ecommerce fast, Yahoo! Store provides you w= ith a way to get your products to market and still offer competitive prices= . ESX has extensive experience in helping small business owners get the= ir Yahoo Stores set up. Give us a call if you would like more information = on how we can  help you get started. ESX Donated Web Site Desig= n and Services to the Houston SPCA   ESX just launched a new web site devel= oped for the Houston Society  for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (SPCA). =  ESX, as a donation to support the non-profit organization, provided an ent= irely new site including creative design and the technology platform used f= or content management. ESX developed the new site using our Community Cat= alyst Platform (Catalyst), a content management tool. Using the Catalyst, = the SPCA will be able to  delegate control over sections of the site to vol= unteers, who will then be able to easily update the content using a web bro= wser. Take a look at the new Houston SPCA web Site. Updating Ex= isting Software  Upgrading from DOS to Windows, or Web Enabling    Deciding=  to migrate existing software applications to a new platform is a big decis= ion. However, a lot of benefits are gained from doing it. A web interface = can give legacy applications a modern graphical interface, deliver them to = employees' desktops  regardless of platform, and grant secure access to dis= tributed databases across the enterprise. Portions of the programs can be e= xposed over the Internet, allowing  high-value self-service transactions. T= his lowers the required number of customer service personnel, and adds a ne= w dimension to the way customers and vendors can  interact with your busine= ss. Elements of your existing software can often be re-used as the foundati= on for the upgraded solution. Vis it  our web site today to find out h= ow we can help you map your migration path. =09   <Sep> Subject :  eBusiness Solutions - June 
Email : I wanted to thank each of you for participating in the venture group's "Grand Slam" event this week. It was a big success. We received very positive feedback from the attendees. One of our primary objectives was to provide our portfolio companies with further insight into EBS' strategy/business model, and each of your presentations was a key part of telling the Enron/EBS story. In order for the portfolio companies to develop products that are strategic to EBS, it is imperative that they fully understand our business model. I know everybody's schedule is very busy, so we appreciate you taking the time. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  EBV's Grand Slam Event - Thanks 
Email : Jeff Skilling Mike McConnell Greg Piper John Arnold  Thank you for agreeing to interview with Vijay Vaitheeswaran of the Economist on Tuesday. Mike is scheduled for 12:30, Jeff for 2 p.m., Greg for 3 p.m. and John for 4 p.m.  Vijay is working on a story about old economy companies embracing the Internet. He'll be testing the idea put forward by Erik Brynjolfsson of MIT that companies profiting most from the Internet are ones with a culture of openness. As background, he has secured an advance copy of a new Harvard Business School case on EnronOnline, which basically outlines the advent of EOL. It's a story that you all know well, and so you should not be disadvantaged if you don't have a copy of the study. (I can give you one if you want it.) Specifically, he'll be probing: How did the company begin to think about using the Internet? Have our views altered? What role models did we use? What changes have worked best and why? How far has success been dependent on changing corporate culture? Has it gone far enough? What has been the impact on staffing? Do we have the right people to do what needs to be done? Has the Internet made -- or will it make -- substantial cost savings? What is the scale of investment needed?   <Sep> Subject :  Economist Interviews 
Email : Dear Joannie:   Dan Hutton just  contacted me and mentioned you'd be willing to forward this letter to the  appropriate IT development group(s) within Enron. While we offer incredible  programming services, we have had some difficulty in reaching the appropriate  parties within Enron. Thank you very much for your assistance. If  you have any questions about our services, please contact me at  (512)917-6509. Kind regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Enron IT Development Group 
Email : Jeff   Candidly, this wouldn't have been my approach  (posh location, closed format, odd group, seemingly self-serving agenda). I read the article below  as unsympatheticand almost  mocking in its tonetoward Enron. It's  noteworthy theBeverly Hills meeting was not covered in the Los Angeles  papers. Instead, this article comes fromthe front page of the Bay Area's San Francisco Chronicle (Democratic bastion and  home to both of California's United States Senators, power broker Willie Brown,  Attorney General Bill Lockyer and the state's public utility commission). Consistent with myconcern about a "coast-to-coast  firestorm"engulfing Enron, the New York  Times ran two articles today that were  unsupportiveof the  company. q        Senator Calls  for Hearings Into Energy Regulators' Moves By CHRISTOPHER MARQUIS Senator  Dianne Feinstein called for hearings into possible improprieties between members  of the F.E.R.C. and private energy interests. q        Enron's  Dispute With Utility in India Grows More Tangled By SARITHA RAI The  dispute between the Enron Corporation and Indian federal and state government  officials keeps getting messier. These follow the Times'  tough piece on Ken Lay yesterday. Undoubtedly, the Washington Post will have to get into fray  soon. My feeling is that just as  with the "business" side, Enron's public policy strategy needs be well informed,  sophisticated and comprehensive. I  fear that anything less will fuel the potential of undesirable outcomes for  Enron's reputation, leadership and shareholdervalue.   <Sep> Subject :  Enron's secret bid to save deregulation - PRIVATE MEETING Chairman  pitches his 
Email : Jeff: My name is Tom Mashington and I'm a Construction Project Manager for EES in their Philadelphia office. A few weeks ago, I received in the mail a Enron newsletter which contained a feature of you and your interests. While reading the article, I noticed that you're into "Anything Africa." Two years ago, I was working in Ghana, West Africa on a cogen plant with Stone & Webster. Most US. citizens have no idea what the conditions are like in these 3rd world countries. I was curious as to how many trips you've made to the sub-Saharan section of the continent and to which countries you have visited. Earlier, I was discussing my African experience with Marty Sunde. I sent him a few ebony wood carvings purchased from the local villagers. These pieces were hand carved by artisans in the area. If you have a moment, you should stop by his office on the 8th floor where he has them on display. I have also attached the files containing a few digital photo's from the area where I lived and worked. These are primarily photos from the local villages near the plant. While you're viewing the photos, you should be able to recognize me. I'm the only American looking individual in the tribe. Enjoy  Tom Mashington   <Sep> Subject :  Africa 
Email : eSource presents SDC Platinum training  SDC Platinum offers detailed transactional information on New Issues, Mergers & Acquisitions, Syndicated Loans, Private Equity, Strategic Alliances, Project Finance and others. The product is designed to allow users to compare transactions, evaluate advisors, and analyze market and industry trends. Training Agenda Includes: ? General Introduction. ? Basic query techniques for new issues and M&A databases. ? Basic query techniques for trend analysis. Attend our SDC Platinum Clinic:       May 30     9:00 -11:30 AM   EB552   <Sep> Subject :  eSource Presents Free SDC Platinum Training 
Email : Yowser, Jeff! You had 501 participants during the live eSpeak session, and 297 people have read your transcript from 11 a.m. until 4: 10 p.m. I'll send another email at the end of the day tomorrow, as the first 24 hours after an event normally carry the highest readership stats. Cheers,   <Sep> Subject :  eSpeak Statistics 
Email : Hi- This afternoon at 5pm I have a  conference call with moderators from forums 1,3,5 along  with Johnny Duncan  to determine  draft order for upcoming Forum draw. J. Hines has agreed  to head the selection of the new Forum as  his Forum is not going to participate. My understanding  is that your Forum  would pass on this draft as well ...our goal is that by next year all Forums  would  have 9-11 members with 10 as a norm target... according  to my records you should be there by  participating in next years draft...I believe this will  leave 7-8 for the new Forum along with 1 or 2  veterans to form its nucleus..Please email me if you  have any thoughts that are contrary to my thinking  or if you wish to be on the call, please notify me or  Vivian asap....   Craig   <Sep> Subject :  Forum selection process 
Email : Dear Jeff,   Congratulations on your recent promotions at  Enron. My name is J.P. Monteverde III. We met several years ago, I  am from Pittsburgh and moved here in 1987. I recently started a company  called MyGiveBack, Inc. The company is unique in that it generates money  for charitable causes on a regular basis. Attached please find a copy of  our business overview. I would like the opportunity to meet with you to  discuss the synergy between MyGiveBack and Enron. I know you are very  busy. I am only asking for ten minutes of your time. (Give me ten  minutes and I will give you a round of golf at Oakmont Country Club the next  time you visit Pittsburgh)!!! Thank you in advance for your consideration. Have a great weekend! All the best,   <Sep> Subject :  From one Pittsburgh transplant to another! 
Email : Attached to this message is an article from today's FT. It briefly discusses the dramatic reduction in capital flows to the emerging markets. I think this is symptomatic of the market conditions that have made it difficult for us to successfully market the EGA assets.   <Sep> Subject :  FT - Financial Times 
Email : Dear Mr Skilling, Following Phil Carroll's letter to you of April 16 I would be delighted to call on you to tell you more about Hakluyt. While we have already done some work for Enron (Scott Tholan), virtually all our work for our clients is at a strategic level where our coverage of issues is of greatest value. With your challenging international objectives I am confident we could be of value to you. If you would find it useful to meet I will contact your office to arrange a suitable time. Yours sincerely   <Sep> Subject :  Hakluyt 
Email : Dear Mark;       Because of the excitement of the wedding we almost forgot to wish you a Happy Birthday. We also send you and Sukran All of our Love. Dad and Mother   <Sep> Subject :  Happy Birthday 
Email : Dear HBS Club Members:  My term as President of the HBS Club of Houston is rapidly nearing its completion. Thank you for helping make it a wonderful year and a great experience for me. The Directors and Officers have worked hard instituting new programs in an effort to make membership in the club a valuable experience. We began the year with several goals:  ? Increase membership by offering a more varied program of interest to a broader cross-section of alumni ? To increase average event attendance by having renowned speakers talk on provocative topics ? To increase participation from a number of segments within our club ? Young Alumni (less than 10 years since graduation) ? Non-MBA alumni ? To change the experience to allow more relationship building among alumni  Our hard work has paid off and we owe our members many thanks for their   <Sep> Subject :  HBS Ballot Letter 
Email : Our June 14 dinner is our official final club event of the season. We hope you choose to attend and bring your spouse or guest to this event and enjoy an awesome meal and an excellent presentation. TOPIC:         An Update on Harvard Business School  SPEAKER:   Professor Howard Stevenson, Sarofim-Rock Professor of                      Business Administration, Harvard Business School   <Sep> Subject :  HBS June 14 - Final Event 
Email : The Harvard Business School Club will hold its final meeting next Thursday, June 14 at Brennan's Restaurant beginning at 6:00 PM. Featured speaker is Howard Stevenson, HBS Professor renowned for Entrepreneurial Management issues. Departing Directors and Officers will be recognized for their efforts and your show of support would be greatly appreciated. Spouses and guests are encouraged to attend. The food will be awesome and the fellowship unbeatable. Please notify Dottie Kerr of your intentions to attend by Tuesday, June 12, noon. Thank you,   <Sep> Subject :  HBS June 14 - REMINDER 
Email : Have you forgotten to make your reservations? Our May 22 speaker promises to provide some interesting insights into the future of information technology and its specific application to the energy industry. This presentation should be quite informative and compelling for anyone who has an interest in technology and its impact on business. SPEAKER:   Mr. David Clementz, President, Chevron Information                     Technology Company (CITC); President, Chevron eBusiness                     Development Company   <Sep> Subject :  HBS May 22 Lunch - REMINDER 
Email : There's something about cycling that brings out the best.....and here's a couple of great examples of the very best.....Ansel Michaels and his valiant, successful attempt to do the distance, and Charles Delacey's desire to help make that journey less painful for Ansel. I hope you find it in your hearts to salute the efforts of each of them by offering your support. Charles is a member of Team Enron and was the first rider in to LaGrange this year, arriving 11:15 am. Please read the following, and if you have questions, his e-mail is Charles.Delacey@enron.com, telephone: 713-853-5757. THANK YOU!   <Sep> Subject :  HERE'S THE VERY BEST 
Email : Jeff   The attached  "Rough & Tumble" is an electronic clipping service targeted at California  politicos and policy wonks. It carried the LA Times version of the Lockyer  comments a couple days ago. Today, it has the NY Times article on Ken  Lay. It's pretty clear that in the near-term, Enron and it's  leadership are at risk of being engulfed in a political firestorm  which bounces from coast to coast, gaining strength each step of the  way. However, it  is the long-term challenge that draws my attention. From my research  to date, I am left with the strong impression that the Enron's capacity  for acquiring, distilling and assessing business information is much  stronger than it's abilities with public policy information. Ken Lay,  you and your team have shaped a innovative and entrepreneurial  company rooted in agile arbitrage of business knowledge. Like  Goldman Sachs, it is hard for the "man on the street" to understand  precisely what Enron does. However, because of your presence in  businesses that play out daily in homes, schools and small  businesses, Enron will be scrutinized in a way the Goldman couldn't imagine  in it's worst nightmares. From my  perspective, the success of Enron's business model demands a sure  footing in both business and public policy. Going  forward, these two areas of expertise need  become intertwined to assure the success of the highly  sophisticated, ethical, innovative and insightful global corporation  known as Enron. I would like  to help you succeed with this challenge. I look forward to our  discussions.   <Sep> Subject :  I would like to help you succeed with this challenge. 
Email : Jeff, Thanks for being on the panel at the CEO Forum. I really appreciated getting to hear the Enron story and talk through the talent issues with you. At my end, I am targeting my time to work with a few executive teams who are looking to forge a consensus response to problematic issues around managing for shareholder value, dealing with the "nasty bit," and managing context so that it does not overtake core. If I could ever be of use to you at Enron, it would be a privilege. Cheers,   <Sep> Subject :  IF there is something useful I can do... 
Email : In order to prepare a paper for my graduate class on Leadership, I would like to interview you as a leader. Some questions that would be of interest would be what events conspired to bring you to Enron, what developmental process you knowingly (or unknowingly) went through in your early years and what challenges have you encountered that made a significant change in your career. If you would be amenable and have the time, I would like to interview you sometime next week for about 30-40 minutes. If you wish, I could provide you questions in advance to maximize your time. Thank you for considering this request.   <Sep> Subject :  Interview 
Email : Jeff:  The whole team and I very much enjoyed our meeting with you last Friday. We were looking forward to having the opportunity to tell you all about the progress of our business. We felt that the give and take and the dialogue during the course of the meeting was excellent, and we hope that in the future we will be able to have useful dialogues like this at appropriately periodic intervals. To memorialize the follow-up steps from this, we thought it would be useful to write this down so we may remain responsive to your questions regarding our progress. 1. We want to confirm the reasonableness of our net churn numbers; we plan to develop a fact base of churn experience over the course of the next few months and analyze these compared to the original business case model. We would be prepared to review this churn with you in about three months. 2. To analyze the rationale of our hedging of long term contracts against the "disaster" of falling prices; this is to be done against the assumption that our customers will leave us on the basis of strict economic rationality. We believe that providing this type of analysis would be very useful for us as we enter the year 2002 where power and gas prices will be substantially different next year than they are now. We would be prepared to review the results of this analysis with you in the fall. 3. Decompose our net cash burn to indicate the "levers" to reduce that cash burn against unforeseen problems/disasters. We would plan to do this as part of our normal budgeting process for 2002. We would plan to review this with our Board in our fall meeting. We believe that it is the right course of activity to review this with the Board and then follow up with you if there are any questions going forward. We also believe that there could be an opportunity to review the cash burn significantly given the fact that a large part of our cash burn is spent on systems development for entry into specific markets. Jeff, as I said in the beginning, we very enjoyed meeting with you and we hope that we were able to prove to you that we have made substantial progress. I would like to feel that I will have the opportunity to get in touch with you at key juncture intervals during the development of our company. Thanks again for your time.   <Sep> Subject :  June 1 Deep Dive/Houston 
Email : If you would like to participate in the Katy Flatlands ride on Sunday, July 22, please fill out the attached and return to me no later than Thursday, June 28. I'm located at EB2365c. Thanks! Steph :  )   <Sep> Subject :  Katy Flatlands 
Email : Jeff, I wasn't sure if you were aware that Land Rover will be the featured marque at this weekends 12th Annual Houston All British Motor Vehicle Expo. June 2nd. at Traders Village 7979 N. Eldridge Rd. 3/10 mile south of Hwy. 290 713-890-5500. Hope you can make it.   <Sep> Subject :  Land Rover-Featured Marque 
Email : Hi Mr. Skilling, I am hoping that you can direct me to the correct  person to vet a sponsors= hip opportunity to the LatinSummit. The LatinSummit is a  unique forum for = Enron to gain invaluable exposure at the same time as the World  Bank & IMF=  Annual Meetings. Below and attached is information on the  upcoming event.=   Please consider this opportunity and I look forward to  hearing from you. Sincerely,   <Sep> Subject :  LatinSummit - presented during the World Bank Annual Meetings 
Email : Mark,  You are a couple of days ahead of me. You have a good tickler file. First, may I  offer my  congratulations on your recent marriage. You moved to Turkey to write - now you have someone to share your life experiences. Life is good. I am doing great. The market appears to have bottomed out is now "ratcheting up". And yes- our new president is headed in the right direction with his tax cut and especially his energy policy. If we can just keep the Governor of California from going too far out into left field and people realize  what we have today was a result of the "past" president. Speaking of field,  I went to Enron Field last night. Fantastic baseball stadium. A must on your travel list. I'm sure someone else you may know  also feels the same way. Yes, it's premium time again. Jeff made a $15,000 Gift to the Trust on 5/2/01 - Send Crummy Letter after this date. I told Jeff when he made the gift, I would be contacting you to make the premium payment at the end of the month  I will e-mail you on 5/30/01 the exact amount your are responsible to pay. As last year, I will e-mail a Word attachment you can sign and fax back to me. I then will ensure premiums are paid by both parties. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Life Insurance Premium Payment 
Email : It was nice to see you on the panel. As promised at the Summit, under separate mail I have sent the Korn/Ferry brochure, "What Do Employees Really Want? The Perception vs. The Reality." As I also mentioned to you, Siemens is in the process of targeting Enron as one of the top 20 key accounts in the country. We envision you as a trendsetter as well as a high-potential customer. I hope to be able to call on you if we need top level feedback or run into unforeseen barriers in our attempt to be a premiere supplier to you. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Microsoft CEO Summit Follow-up 
Email : If you guys watched the Monaco Grand Prix this past Sunday...  perhaps you saw the fellow from the Ferrari team who went on the podium to  receive the winner's trophy from Prince Ranier? That was my good friend Luca Baldisserri, who is the chief  engineer for Ferrari and won almost everything these past few years with his  driver Michael Schumacher...Luca is likely the best car engineer in the world,  and is interested to join me in the future as a partner to operate a team in the  U.S. based CART "IndyCar" series... I invited you both as our sport requires strong corporate  partners to function... and thought you may have interest with knowledge that  you would be working with some of the best people in the world... which would  make it reasonable to achieve a very positive return on any corporate  investment. Please feel welcome to keep in touch... and to join us  for a race this summer if you wish. Best to you   <Sep> Subject :  Monaco Grand Prix 
Email : Attached is a new draft of the press release, which is scheduled to be released before the opening of the market tomorrow morning. Please let me know tonight if you have any additional changes. Thank you.   <Sep> Subject :  New Press Release Draft 
Email : Dear YPO Couple Retreat Attendees. These attachments are duplicates of hard copies that have been mailed to your homes. Please respond to Cheryl Hester in Larry Del Papa's office. <<YPO COUPLE RETREAT ACTIVITY LETTER.doc>>  <<Off sites - mail out copy.doc>>  <<Offsite Sign Up Sheet.xls>>   - YPO COUPLE RETREAT ACTIVITY LETTER.doc   - Off sites - mail out copy.doc   - Offsite Sign Up Sheet.xls   <Sep> Subject :  Offsite Activity Choices 
Email : Jeff,  I have been researching Enron and understand some of the difficulties with running global applications. Many companies have problems with database replication over a wide area network. Traditional database replication is great for local area replication within one data center. Once you scale to multiple data centers, traditional replication is unreliable, complicated to set up and manage, and very expensive. Zembu's software was designed to address this exact problem. Our data replication and synchronization solution can be used with 2 to n geographically dispersed data centers. Zembu also alleviates problems with:   <Sep> Subject :  Online application issues 
Email : Ken and Jeff:  Glen Darden, the President and CEO of Quicksilver Resources, Inc., is a longtime personal and professional friend of mine. Recently, he has asked whether I would consider serving as an outside Director on the Board of Directors of Quicksilver. Before meeting with Glen to discuss this further, I want to make sure that Enron does not have any objections. Headquartered in Fort Worth, Texas, Quicksilver is a natural gas and crude oil production company engaged in the development and acquisition of long-lived producing natural gas and oil properties. Quicksilver began trading publicly in March of 1999 on the American Stock Exchange (KWK). Quicksilver has a long standing business relationship with Enron. Enron has historically entered into pre-pays and hedging transactions related to natural gas production and continues to do so today. Enron (via JEDI) also provided some financing at the time of the merger of Quicksilver and Mercury Exploration and was a significant shareholder of Quicksilver at the time of its initial public offering. I believe JEDI has since divested this stockholding. If I were to serve on the board of Quicksilver, I expect that there will be related party transactions of a routine ongoing nature that would need to be disclosed and which I would need to abstain from voting on as a member of the board. However, I do not feel there would be any material conflicts of interest as Quicksilver's core business is complementary to Enron, not competitive with Enron. As a personal matter, it is an experience that would be beneficial and would provide valuable personal visibility in our industry. I am scheduled to meet with Glen and others at Quicksilver later this month to further discuss this possibility. Would each of you please let me know after due consideration whether you have any objection to or concern with the position. Please do not hesitate to call me (x67713) if you have any questions or wish to discuss this further. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Quicksilver Resources 
Email : Reminder The Enron Oral History Project Continues...  "Using History to Help Enron Become the World's Leading Company"  How can an understanding of strategic choices, regulatory change and corporate culture help Enron achieve its vision? Speaker: Joseph Pratt, Cullen Professor of History and Business, University of Houston and  Co-Director, Enron Oral History Project  Thursday, June 7 11:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. EB 5C2  To Make a Reservation, Call 3-1941 and Select Option 1  Lunch will not be provided, but you are welcome to bring your own. Please inform us ahead of time if you need special accommodations to participate in this meeting. Call 3-9390.   <Sep> Subject :  Reminder 
Email : Mr. Skilling,  Dow Jones & Company is presenting a Bandwidth Trading Conference during the week of October 22nd, 2001. The conference is designed for two keynote address speakers. We would be honored if you could give the keynote address from the energy perspective. At your convenience, I would appreciate the opportunity to discuss this proposal with you. Thank you for your attention toward this request.   <Sep> Subject :  Request for Speakers: Dow Jones Bandwidth Trading Conference 
Email : Scott,  Thanks again for hosting lunch recently in Dallas. I appreciated the open discussion around your iPlanet business as well as your views on Microsoft. As it relates to Java and Enron, we will get you an e-mail soon that summarizes the issues we brought up. Greg Piper Chief Operating Officer Enron Net Works greg.piper@enron.com   <Sep> Subject :  Sun Customer Lunch in Dallas 
Email : Jeff   Thanks for taking  the time to speak with me today about the Xcelerator. I enjoyed the chance  to hear your thoughts on the effort, and appreciated the opportunity to  speak with Greg as well. (Through our discussion, it is clear why he  is a respected leader in the "mafia".) Please feel free to contact me if  you wish to discuss the Xcelerator further. Thanks  again.   <Sep> Subject :  thank you 
Email : The Enron Oral History Project Continues...  "Using History to Help Enron Become the World's Leading Company"  How can an understanding of strategic choices, regulatory change and corporate culture help Enron achieve its vision? Speaker: Joseph Pratt, Cullen Professor of History and Business, University of Houston and  Co-Director, Enron Oral History Project  Thursday, June 7 11:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. EB 5C2  To Make a Reservation, Call 3-1941 and Select Option 1  Lunch will not be provided, but you are welcome to bring your own. Please inform us ahead of time if you need special accommodations to participate in this meeting. Call 3-9390.   <Sep> Subject :  The Enron Oral History Project Continues 
Email : <<MF June 1st 2001.pdf>>     Good Friday Morning - Comments From The Local Guys! In comments made by Steve Slifer, Lehman Brothers' economist, he indicates that the U.S. economy remains in limbo - neither in recession nor in recovery. After a string of weaker-than-expected economic data, Friday's employment report came in stronger than expected. Payroll employment fell 19,000 in May, as expected, but there were large net upward revisions of 153,000 to March and April. The unemployment rate fell a tenth, to 4.4%. On the surface, this suggests strength in the economy; however, the drop was caused  by a decline in the number of people looking for jobs. This is a sign of weakness, not strength. However, there has been  a rise in both major measures of consumer confidence in May, and Congress passed a major tax cut, including almost a percentage point worth of economic stimulus in 3Q. All of this leaves us where we started: more near-term economic weakness and another 25 basis point rate cut by the Federal Reserve  on June 27,  The 30-year US T-Bond yield is 5.70%. . The 5-year is trading at 4.90%. Spot crude oil is trading at $27.90 p/b. Natural Gas - Henry Hub -  is trading at $3.94 p/mcf. AD Time:  New Federal Insider-Trading Rule (Rule 10b5-1) have been adopted by the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. This rule greatly enhances an insider's/employee's ability to trade his/her corporate shares during blackout periods. Previously, without the protection of this new SEC rule, employees and insiders could safely trade only outside of designated blackout windows. Under this new rule, insiders/employees may have the ability to purchase and sell their corporate shares even during blackout periods if a written plan was established and in force when the insider/employee was not in possession of material, non-public information. The new rule contains other restrictions and should be reviewed carefully. Lehman Brothers has established a turn-key plan that take into account the regulatory procedures for establishing such a plan. Please email us or call us for more information. Lehman Brothers' Research.   <Sep> Subject :  The Morning Market Call - Friday June 1st, 2001 
Email : <<MF June 8th 2001.pdf>>     Good Friday Morning - Comments From The Local Guys! The following are highlights from Lehman Brothers economists Stephen D. Slifer and Ethan S. Harris's weekly comments:  "The dichotomy between the near-term and medium-term economic outlook continues to build. Recent data for capital goods spending and the job market point to a further deepening of the growth recession. At the same time, the forces for eventual recovery continue to gather: major tax rebates are now a done deal, the Fed continues to ease aggressively, the stock market has begun to recover, and consumer confidence has begun to turn upward. We remain confident that the economy will recover sharply during the second half and return to solid trend growth in 2002. However, given the considerable downward momentum in the economy, the recovery may not be soon enough to deliver the solid 3% GDP growth we are forecasting in 3Q. Our current forecast has just one more 25 bp rate cut from the Fed. However, the odds are growing that the Fed will need to implement a 50 bp cut or two 25 bp cuts." The 30-year US T-Bond yield is 5.72%. The 10-year note yield is 5.33%. The 5-year is trading at 4.87%. Spot crude oil is trading at $28.04 p/b. Natural Gas - Henry Hub -  is trading at $3.87 p/mcf. AD Time:  New Federal Insider-Trading Rule (Rule 10b5-1) have been adopted by the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. This rule greatly enhances an insider's/employee's ability to trade his/her corporate shares during blackout periods. Previously, without the protection of this new SEC rule, employees and insiders could safely trade only outside of designated blackout windows. Under this new rule, insiders/employees may have the ability to purchase and sell their corporate shares even during blackout periods if a written plan was established and in force when the insider/employee was not in possession of material, non-public information. The new rule contains other restrictions and should be reviewed carefully. Lehman Brothers has established a turn-key plan that take into account the regulatory procedures for establishing such a plan. Please email us or call us for more information. Lehman Brothers' Research.   <Sep> Subject :  The Morning Market Call - Friday June 8th, 2001. 
Email : <<MF June 4th 2001>>     Good Monday Morning - Comments From The Local Guys! Lehman Brothers' U.S. Equity Strategist, Jeff Applegate, believes that the stock market is "climbing a wall of worry". In his weekly comments, Jeff believes that investors are jittery about the fragility of the stock market rally, concerned about corporate profits and the economic outlook as well as possible inflation. However, Jeff believes that the earnings trough is imminent and that stronger GDP growth lies ahead. His bottom line is that the equity rally over the last couple of months has a "firm footing" and should continue. The 30-year US T-Bond yield is 5.67%. The 10-year note yield is 5.32 The 5-year is trading at 4.89%. Spot crude oil is trading at $28.25 p/b. Natural Gas - Henry Hub -  is trading at $4.06 p/mcf. AD Time:  New Federal Insider-Trading Rule (Rule 10b5-1) have been adopted by the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. This rule greatly enhances an insider's/employee's ability to trade his/her corporate shares during blackout periods. Previously, without the protection of this new SEC rule, employees and insiders could safely trade only outside of designated blackout windows. Under this new rule, insiders/employees may have the ability to purchase and sell their corporate shares even during blackout periods if a written plan was established and in force when the insider/employee was not in possession of material, non-public information. The new rule contains other restrictions and should be reviewed carefully. Lehman Brothers has established a turn-key plan that take into account the regulatory procedures for establishing such a plan. Please email us or call us for more information. Lehman Brothers' Research.   <Sep> Subject :  The Morning Market Call - Monday June 4th, 2001. 
Email : Hi Jeff. I hope you are enjoying the challenge of running Enron in the midst of all the excitement and change in the energy industry. I want to bring to your attention an issue that affects me quite directly in my new role as CEO of TransElect, an independent electric transmission company. I think it also affects Enron in a very significant way. The National Grid has applied to the FERC for a declaratory order that would permit the Grid to operate the Alliance RTO (this is a Midwest RTO that includes AEP, Exelon, DTE, CMS, First Energy and Dominion). I believe quite strongly that FERC should deny this petition because the Grid is a significant owner of both distribution and generation assets in the Northeast (New England Electric and Niagara Mohawk). It is a very small step from this decision to one that would allow Southern to operate GridSouth, or one that would allow Entergy to operate the Florida RTO in exchange for FP&L operating the Entergy RTO. As a matter of National policy, transmission operators should be independent of either the wholesale or retail electric markets. As a business issue, many transmission owners are reluctant to divest of transmission because they retain hope that their transmission can be used to protect above market native generation. How would you like to try shipping power into the Northeast with the Grid, a major retail supplier and a significant generator, controlling access to the market?   <Sep> Subject :  The National Grid 
Email : Dear Jeffrey:  I came across your name in the business press. As an industry leader you are knowledgeable about the latest trends and where the companies are heading. You constantly meet top managers and some may be hungry for management talent and/or require rapid change action. What value can I bring? I have nine years of combined experience in management, change consulting, international marketing and business development. Most recently, I took part in transforming Fortune 500 companies into more active e-business players.B  efore, in four years I have developed international markets from 0 to over 40 country coverage, 140 companies and units (mostly in Europe, but also in the Middle East and in Asia). I am looking for right opportunities and growth challenges. If the organization wants to speed up their international expansion and avoid some costly mistakes, I can bring in a successful record of developing business and resources in country-to-country approach, balancing think-global-and-act-local theme. And/or  If the organization can benefit from broad range of change experience: I led project teams of art designers and copywriters achieving national promotion goals, led researches towards addressing relevant issues in their projects, led consultants in delivering management change programs for major corporations, led the creating of new customer and supplier networks globally. These were project teams representing diverse experience, background, and management levels. And/or, finally  If you would like to share your insider's perspective on where the industry is heading in exchange I can provide my insights into developing business in Europe. I am flexible on location and only a phone call away. Sincerely yours   <Sep> Subject :  There are never enough of good people ... 
Email : Just wanted to let you all know that the following media outlets were at the press conference this morning: Channel 2 Channel 45 Channel 48 KUHF radio (NPR)  The Houston Business Journal picked up the story and is currently running it on its home page (it will appear in print this Friday). Channel 26 plans on coming out to the awards celebration tomorrow night. The Chronicle and several other local papers are also working on stories. Laura   <Sep> Subject :  United Way Coverage 
Email : You're not going to believe this one! Did you hear the one about the 8-year old who rode a bike from Houston to Austin? No? There's no punch line. This is the truth. In the 2000 MS150, Evan Haas, 8 years of age,  did the distance on a tandem, and is back for another go, but this year with Team Enron, on his own bike. Evan turned 9 on April 14, and is celebrating by doing the MS150 all over again! Evan Haas 9 years old  Riding with his father, Ryan Also along on "chaser" is Ryan's sister Madison, 7 years  Evan is already a celebrity   4th Place in the 2000 Velodrome All City Competition in the 10-12 year old category 3rd Place in the 2000 State Cyclocross Championships in the 10-14 year old category  Current record holder in the "Team Pursuit" - 4 person team with total combined ages of 37 (time 8:04 min). This team has issued a challenge to all of the velodromes in the nation, and none has answered with a comparable age level. Watch for Evan, and your challenge will be to come in ahead of him. ARE YOU UP TO IT?   <Sep> Subject :  ENRON'S YOUNGEST 
Email : Today, l am working into SFE-Office to give the instructions to mr: Thach C Phan, that working into CAA, jointly mr: Jody pierce  l would like to say that mr: Joca is'nt left to developing my Tasks. With Bad Words to my family too. Today. Mr: This is the person that you left to be my chief. l woulk like that someone done something . l can't working under this orders. jorge de souza   <Sep> Subject :  Urgent 
Email : I am compiling two "Top Ten Lists" to roast Cliff Baxter at his farewell dinner tomorrow evening (Top Ten Reasons We HATE To See Cliff Leave and Top Ten Reasons We Are GLAD To See Cliff Leave). I need your input ASAP to compile the lists. Please respond to this e:mail with anything funny or incriminating about Cliff. Thanks for your help.   <Sep> Subject :  Urgently Need Your Response 
Email : May 26, 2001  Dear Mr. Skilling:  As part of Enron's Imagine the Future Day (4/24/01), a group of Ernonite's voluntarily got together under the tutelage of Dr Peter Bishop (Chair, Studies of the Future Program, University of Houston) to create scenarios of possible futures and their impacts on Enron. You once said, "I guarantee that if there is one thing Enron thinks about, it is what we'll do in the future." (ESpeak 2/29/00). With that in mind, you might find the following of interest - our ideas and thoughts about Enron and the future. The context created for envisioning possible futures for Enron was based upon our opinion of Enron's core capability: our ability to effectively exploit discontinuities in the marketplace. Enron has successfully exploited discontinuities created by pipeline deregulation, resulting in the creation of Enron; the Internet, resulting in electronic trading and on-line business activities/portals/exchanges; and telecom deregulation, resulting in bandwidth trading. Since Enron is so adept at this, we focused our activity specifically on identifying potential future discontinuities and their implications to Enron. These are our conclusions:   Future: Rock Around the Clock   Description: Anytime you want it, anywhere you want it capability to transact business/to do work. Discontinuity/Trends: Builds on discontinuities created by the Internet and current technology trends of convergence, increased ubiquity, wireless and miniaturization. Enron In This Future: Is fully and entirely networked; primary revenue generation occurs via the communication wires. Business ops "rock around the clock", 24 hours a day, seven days a week, 365 days a year. Employees are fully networked and fully connected, giving employees the choice of when and where to work. Office space is no longer an issue because the employee IS the office. Employee uncertainties exist about privacy, lack of interpersonal relationships, and "wireless chains." Wildcards: Major information systems disruption (global?) completely shuts down business ops; Enron wires unknowingly become 24-7-365 facility for international wire fraud and money laundering. Future: Not in My Region, You Don't  Description: The return of regional protectionism and increased government interference. Globalization is seen as too overpowering, prompting regions to fight for a return of power and local sovereignty. The result is strong regional trading and political blocks that wield much influence. Their first action: restrictions on international business activities. Discontinuity/Trends: Contrary to discontinuities created by the fall of communism, and trends related to globalization and eroding boundaries; corresponds with current trend related to increasing numbers of regional economic unions (EU, CIS, ASEAN, Mercosur, NAFTA, etc). Enron In This Future: Is ordered by international authorities to dispose of non-US based assets (at a loss) and is forced to vacate foreign countries. Retrenching back into the US occurs. Enron's competition becomes increasingly intense and vicious as other multinationals retrench as well. This increased competitiveness occurs at the same time collective group/industry action is needed to counteract the action of the regional blocks, leaving Enron (and others) struggling to find a balance. Future: Regulation Re-run   Description: Power and telecom re-regulation occurs. Discontinuities/Trends: Contradictory to current global trends toward privatization of government services; supported by social and political reaction to "CA style" market failures, perceived decline of competition due to provider consolidation, perceived supply issues with water, gas, oil. Enron In This Future: Goes "incognito", taking on a new identity. Governments seek to nationalize our assets. Wildcard: propelled and facilitated by increased regionalism and protectionism (Not in My Region, You Don't). Future: The Taxman Cometh - Even to Cyberspace  Description: Internet commerce has become so big, taxing authorities can no longer resist - taxes are levied on all Internet transactions. Discontinuities/Trends: Corresponds with current discussion by US and others regarding Internet taxing; corresponds with the increasing power of the Internet as a purchasing mechanism. Enron In This Future: All of Enron's on-line transactions are now being taxed. The volume of transactions still remains high; record keeping becomes a nightmare. Wildcards: Tax imposed is retroactive; government cannot track flow of funds and ability to tax accurately is ineffective. Future: Enron's New "Corporate DNA"  Description: rapid advances in biotech solutions lead to trading opportunities in biological "commodities." Discontinuities/Trends: Corresponds with: recent technological advancements in genome mapping and sequencing, and cloning; increased political/social discussion regarding bio-ethics; increased business/social/political discussion regarding bio-based intellectual property rights. Uncertainties exist regarding the effect of biotech on human race/evolution. Enron In This Future: Is the first biological commodities trader in the world. Focus is shifted from energy into the biotech realm. Move clearly positions Enron as a company of the BioTech Century. Enron structures the new bio-market and creates new types of bio-commodities paper. Biotech trading requires a new type of trader with life sciences background; Enron forms relationships with medical, nursing and other bio-based programs for recruitment. Wildcards: biotech terrorism; worldwide epidemics; social opposition. Historically, discontinuities such as these favor smaller companies because they are inherently quicker to respond. As Enron grows, we become more vulnerable to rapid market changes because it takes longer for us to "sense" them and to react. While none of these discontinuities is certain of course, there is merit in understanding they may occur so Enron can  "sense'" them and be prepared to respond early to the new opportunities they may offer. Of the futures this group constructed, Enron's New Corporate DNA is our most interesting and merits further "flushing" for details. I'm sure this group could do that well, should you be interested. There could be significant opportunity for Enron in the bio-tech trading future. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Visions of Enron 
Email : Be sure to stop at the Enron stake-out in Bellville for our specially catered lunch. Sarita Garza and her crack team of volunteers will be there at dawn to save a spot. They will hand out a special surprise to celebrate your arrival at the mid-point of the first day's journey. When you pull off the highway into the Bellville Park, watch for the Enron signs to direct you to our picnic area. Happy Pedaling! Amelia   <Sep> Subject :  LET'S DO LUNCH IN BELLVILLE 
Email : Jeff,  My assistant Stella, has told me that  you are going to give up your spot on  the December Navy Fly Away. You will  be missed! Please send me confirmation that this  is correct. Roy Steinhagen   <Sep> Subject :  YPO Navy Fly Away 
Email : Dinner in LaGrange will be a great affair. Randy Gross of the Enron Aviation Department will again provide us with his fabulous barbecued brisket and sausage. The Marriott will be there with some great side dishes and some chicken thing that I know will be wonderful as well. J. Paul Oxer is once again Camp Director and has some great improvements to the 2001 tent. Heather Choate is the Volunteer Coordinator for the 65 operations volunteers in Bellville, LaGrange and Austin. Thanks to all! IT IS VERY IMPORTANT FOR YOU TO KNOW THAT THIS DINNER IS PROVIDED FOR ENRON RIDERS AND QUALIFIED VOLUNTEERS ONLY. Many of you have family and friends gathering in LaGrange with you, and they are welcome to visit us in the tent, but we can't feed them. We will need to strictly guard against the possibility of running out of food before the last rider comes in. As a means to control this, if you are not wearing an Enron cycling jersey or an Enron Cycling Club volunteer t-shirt, your name will be checked on a master list before you are invited to participate in the dinner. Since all our volunteers do not know you, please don't be offended when they check the list for your name if you are not wearing an Enron jersey. PLEASE DO EVERYTHING YOU CAN TO SPREAD THE WORD ABOUT THIS. IT'S NOT THAT WE ARE INHOSPITABLE, IT'S THAT WE ARE IN A REMOTE LOCATION WHERE REPLENISHMENT OF OUR FOOD SUPPLY IS NOT POSSIBLE, AND WE DO NOT WANT TO TURN A TIRED, HUNGRY RIDER OR VOLUNTEER AWAY FROM THE TABLE. THERE IS FOOD AVAILABLE FOR YOUR FAMILY AND FRIENDS THROUGH THE MAIN DINING PROVIDED BY THE MS SOCIETY, AND YOU CAN GET THE LOCATION FROM OUR INFORMATION BOOTH IN THE TENT. THE CHARGE IS $5 FOR DINNER, AND $3 FOR BREAKFAST FOR NON-RIDERS. THANK YOU FOR YOUR COOPERATION ! !   <Sep> Subject :  DINNER IN LA GRANGE 
Email : > Political Philosophies Explained in Simple "Two Cow" Terms > > Socialism: You have two cows. You keep one and give one to your neighbor. > > Communism: You have two cows. The government takes them both and provides   you with milk. > > Fascism: You have two cows. The government takes them and sells you the > milk. > > Bureaucracy: You have two cows. The government takes them both, shoots > one, milks the other, pays you for the milk, and then pours it down the > drain. > > Capitalism: You have two cows. You sell one and buy a bull. > > Corporate: You have two cows. You sell one, force the other to produce > the milk of four cows and then act surprised when it drops dead. > > Democracy: You have two cows. The government taxes you to the point that > you must sell them both in order to support a man in a foreign country > who has only one cow which was a gift from your government   <Sep> Subject :  Political Philosophies 
Email : Friends,  Most of you know about our company ValueScience Corporation, though for some this is an introduction. We have been "at it" for two years now, and have created a really special company dedicated to developing world class tools to unravel the mystery of building shareholder value. We have attached a very brief overview and FAQ which will help fill in some of the blanks, but suffice it that we are setting out to completely change the basis on which companies are valued, the way that we understand stock market behavior, and the tools by which Senior Management sets priorities, allocates scarce resources, and values transactions (e.g., M&A, private equity, IPOs, technology acquisition)  Please expect us to begin communicating routinely to you about ValueScience, comments on recent market events, insights about trends in value drivers in key markets, etc.. Cheers,   <Sep> Subject :  ValueScience Corporation Overview 
Email : Hi MARK! The pictures arrived today. Your letter was dated April 6 so it took ten days. Tell Sukran Mother and I think she is beautiful. We sure enjoyed seeing them all. I made copies for Sue and Tom and will mail them this afternoon. Thank you so much. LOTS  of LOVE and KISSES to YOU and Sukran from MOTHER and I. DAD   <Sep> Subject :  Pictures 
Email : VEHICLES LEFT AT TULLY:   If you plan to leave a vehicle at Tully Stadium, please be advised that the stadium will close on Saturday at noon and will not re-open until Sunday morning at noon. Tully stadium weekend hours:    Friday - 6:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.   Saturday - 5:00 a.m. to noon   Sunday - 10:00 a.m. to 11:00 p.m.   Monday - 6:30 a.m. to Noon  The parking lot will be locked except between the above times, so please don't park there if you need to get your car out other than these times. IF YOU HAVE ANY MORE QUESTIONS ABOUT ANYTHING AT ALL, PLEASE LET ME KNOW. I'LL BE HERE UNTIL THE CARBO-LOAD PARTY TONIGHT AND ALL DAY TOMORROW. SEE YOU SOON ! !   <Sep> Subject :  VEHICLES AT TULLY 
Email : Sorry to bother you with another note, but I've received so much reaction to my Tully parking notice, I'm writing again to tell you not to be concerned about being locked out of the Stadium if you're riding the bus back. Some people think they're not going to get in by 11:00, and are concerned about not being able to get their cars out. The last bus leaves Austin at 7 pm, and that would certainly get you there by 11:00, but if it doesn't for some reason, they're not going to lock the stadium until the last bus has dropped of its passengers.   <Sep> Subject :  QUICK NOTE ABOUT PARKING 
Email : I have held discussions with Tim Weithman, Ashley Kerr & Ken Brooks (immediate supervisor) regarding a request for vacation for the 3rd or 4th week in May. I have been told recently by both Ms. Kerr as well as Mr. Weithman that those of us being severed from the company are not permitted to take any vacation time between now and June 1st. It would seem that there are several inconsistencies regarding Enron policy as well as how the subject was presented both to the group as well as individually. Below are the inconsistencies I speak of. During the group meeting in the beginning of April there was no mention of "vacation freezes". The only reference to time that was mentioned was that you must be employed by Enron as of June 1, 2001 to receive the severance package. During my private discussion, in which both Ms. Kerr and Ms. Gray were present, I was presented with the specifics of the severance package. I specifically remember being asked for my current unused vacation amount. I gave them the amount of 152 hours and was told that I would be reimbursed for that total unless, of course, I took any additional vacation. This implied that regular Enron vacation policies would be in effect. Again, at no time was it presented to me that I was ineligible to take ANY of my earned vacation or that there would be any deviations from normal Enron policy regarding vacation. At no time has Mr. Weithman, Ms. Gray, Ms. Kerr or any other Enron agent made public a policy of vacation freezes. At no time were there ever any public or private requests that the plans for those with previously scheduled vacations to be made available to any Enron agent. I can find nothing in my severance package that states any deviation from the standard Enron vacation policy. I realize that Enron policy requires vacation approval from the supervising employee. It states in that policy the following: "An employee's preference for scheduling vacation should be adopted when possible." "The supervisor must verify that unit staffing needs are met before approving an employee's vacation request." I am currently still an Enron employee. I have also verified that staffing needs are met. In summary, as you can see there are several inconsistencies with regards to the vacation policy for those being severed at Clinton Energy. It more than offends me that I am being prohibited from taken ANY part of the 152 hours of accrued vacation that is, by all accounts, mine to take. This being said, I am formally requesting one last time that I be granted my vacation request during the month of May. Furthermore I would like this approval as soon as possible so that I may make necessary arrangements. As you review this I am consulting an attorney so that I may be advised of my rights regarding this matter. Thank you,   <Sep> Subject :  Clinton Energy Vacation Policy & Request 
Email : Dear Mr Skilling,        May I request you to please go through attached documents. While replying could you please also copy my wife at the above email      address in London. Kind regards             John Pinto  - enron.doc   - resume~1.rtf   <Sep> Subject :  Attachments 
Email : Mr. Skilling,  Rev. Lawson would like to thank you for extending to him the invitation to participate in the 2001 Big Cats Gala on June 14, 2001 at the Bronx Zoo in New York. Unfortunately, he will not be able to attend the event, and the Wheeler Avenue budget for this year is not such that we can comfortably make a contribution. He would like to convey to Mr. Lay, however, that he rejoices with this esteemed honor and will continue to keep his friend in his prayers. Thank you,   <Sep> Subject :  WCS Event honoring Mr. Lay 
Email : [Joannie: Thanks for bringing this to JS' attention ...]  Jeff:  {In this headwind funding environment, I am looking for some quick decisions for our small, world-class computational trading group ... we are open to an acquisition / controlling interest, etc. I have had some conversations with Brandon Wax ... in my prior life, I have had some interactions with Gerald Chan, brother of one of your board members. We are also talking to eSpeed, some Chicago Exchanges in a similar vein ...}  Our group of 15 (Carnegie Mellon technologists + trading / capital markets experts) located in Pittsburgh brings - strong e-market thought leadership (global trading outlook) - patent-pending technology that can help compare / trade "almost" standardized goods and services - this is a missing link in today's e-markets! - robust sales pipeline and small revenue (seven-figures) - low-cost, central hub location (with great access to Carnegie Mellon Professors / Research / Students) - experienced entrepreneurs  / technologists who are happy to be "intrapreneurs" in this environment. We could make a positive impact on EnronCredit, BroadBand Services as well as your core energy business. I am enclosing a couple of attachments to give you an idea of who we are ... I can provide more info. if there is interest. Can we chat for a few minutes ASAP - I believe you will find this opportunity to be compelling that can make your "market making" empire more analytical, computational and above all, more profitable! Thanks & cheers   <Sep> Subject :  P'burgh computational software co. with CMU connections 
Email : <<MF April 20th 2001.pdf>>     Good Friday Afternoon - Comments From The Local Guys! One of the reasons that we, the Local Guys are pretty exited about the recent rate cut by the Federal Reserves is that we think it will make a real difference. Over the last few months, there has been considerable talk that while capital spending (especially information technology spending) has been budgeted by corporations for 2001, it has, to a large extent, been 'frozen' as the economic uncertainty had taken a grip of corporate comptrollers. We believe that this latest rate cut  (and possible future cuts), could well spur greater corporate confidence (as well as spur greater liquidity from the capital markets) and thus free up already allocated budgets for corporate spending. The 30-year US T-Bond yield is 5.81%. The 10-year yield is 5.30%. The 5-year is trading at 4.81%. Spot crude oil is trading at $28.03 p/b. Natural Gas - Henry Hub -  is trading at $5.06 p/mcf. AD Time:    The Local Guys! - Who We Are. - The partnership of Jordan Larimore and David Morris manages investments for individual and corporate clients. - We help investors achieve their personal and professional portfolio goals. - We manage individual portfolios.. - We use Outside Money Managers. - We utilize the top Mutual Fund Families. - We help with portfolio re-diversification - taking investors out of highly concentrated equity situations and rediversifying those dollars. - We also work on Corporate Stock Option Plans and 144 Restricted Stock issues. - We welcome hearing from you! Call us toll-free at 1-800-227-4537. Lehman's Research.   <Sep> Subject :  The Morning Market Call - Friday April 20th, 2001. 
Email : > Dear Jeff : > > I would personally like to invite you to this year's Compaq Classic in New > Orleans, May 2-6. > The Pro-Am is played at the famous English Turn course on Wednesday, May 2 > and already > we have a commitment that Jack Nicklaus will be there, along with many of > our customer > and partner CEO's. I simply wanted to drop you a quick note, but you will > receive a separate > electronic invitation very soon. I know we haven't had a chance to get > together, but I hope we can make arrangements to meet very soon.   <Sep> Subject :  Compaq Classic 
Email : Over the past few months, Enron Global Finance has been evaluating various opportunities where Enron and Smith Graham & Company may be able to work together. Unfortunately, the process was slowed when our primary contact at Smith Graham, Gabriel Hayes, left the firm earlier this year. We have since reestablished discussions and the Global Finance Group is preparing a proposal that a portion (about $30 million) of the Enron Cash Balance Plan portfolio be dedicated to an emerging managers portfolio. One-third of this money ($10 million) would be invested in bonds, which could be placed with Smith Graham, as the fixed-income manager . (Total Plan assets are about $235 million.) The proposal will be submitted to the Plan Administrative Committee at its quarterly meeting on May 3rd. The proposal should be well received as the Committiee has previously requested that  we optimize our existing allocation to minority money managers. Gerald Smith has been advised that Enron is looking at ways to allocate money to the firm, and that a decision should be reached sometime in May. We have not communicated the specific details of our intentions as of yet pending the outcome of the May 3rd meeting. I am available for further discussion at your convenience. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Gerald Smith 
Email : Jeff:  Thank you for agreeing to spend a few minutes on Tuesday, April 17 with Moody's Investor Service. You are scheduled to speak at noon in room EB50M. To put the day into context, Moody's will have heard prior to your session presentations from Andy and Ben on 2000 results, Mike McConnell on Global Markets, and Jeff McMahon on Wholesale Services. Our afternoon session will include presentations from Dan Leff on EES, Rod Hayslett on ETS, Kevin Hannon on EBS and Rick Buy on RAC. In attendance from Moody's will be (in order of rank) Mike Foley - Group Managing Director, John Diaz - Managing Director, and Stephen Moore - Relationship Manager (our analyst). Diaz and Moore are very familiar with the Enron credit profile. Foley is their boss. He apparently is the leader of their ratings committee. He has not historically attended our meetings. Key messages for you to hit (which will have already been touched upon by Andy and reinforced throughout the day) include:  Enron's core businesses - have never been better. We are the market leader in gas and power by a wide margin; Portland General - we will ultimately divest of this entity and are disappointed that the Sierra Pacific transaction was derailed by regulatory hurdles. However, PG provides considerable, stable cash flows; International Asset Sales - we are still committed to liquidating our interests in low returning investments. Market problems have delayed our M&A effort but we expect movement in the next 12-24 months; Credit Profile is critical to core businesses - we protect our credit rating as a matter of corporate policy. Our asset sale and corresponding capital redeployment strategy is based in part to allow us to either reduce leverage or to invest in areas with stronger cash flows thereby improving our key coverage ratio;  and  Issue Resolution Ongoing - we have some issues (such as California, Dabhol, and Azurix) which are important and are receiving the attention of top management. They will be covered by Ben and Rick Buy's group. The main message is that they are not representative of our core business. If you have any questions, please call me at x31770 or (713) 962-4013 (cell phone). Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Moody"s Annual Review Meeting 
Email : Jeffrey,  During the past 12 years Noble Systems Corporation has moved to the forefront in providing the world's best "total solution" value in call center and customer contact technology. 10,000+ agents at more than 500 client installations in 7 countries, conduct business from feature-rich Noble Systems workstations. Over 2 million customer calls are managed every day through our full spectrum of ACD, Predictive Dialing, Blended Call Processing, Digital Recording, and CRM systems. With corporate headquarters in Atlanta, Noble Systems also has offices in the United Kingdom, France, and Australia to manage the rapidly growing international demand for our unique solutions. N  oble Systems is part of the SR. Teleperformance group, a $700+ Million Teleservices conglomerate with over 120 call centers in more than 30 countries. This business relationship financially empowers Noble Systems to aggressively pursue the most complex contact center applications on a global basis. It also provides us with the largest research and development environment in the industry for testing new technology and software applications, within actual customer operations, prior to full-scale market release. ATOMS , our award winning call center automation system, is a fully open, highly customizable and scalable technology platform, utilizing the latest hardware, database system, and telephony technologies. Robust functionality within ATOMS empowers clients to design sophisticated campaigns without programming, leverage real-time decision making tools, achieve ultimate agent productivity, increase agent retention, and maximize overall campaign performance and results. These powerful capabilities place Noble Systems in the leadership position of providing the industry's most comprehensive and affordable customer interaction management solutions. Our network-wide Graphical Manager workstation software is setting entirely new thresholds of effectiveness and productivity for managing agents and campaigns! The current release now enables you to include each agent's picture on your real time production displays. Our next release will enable you to lay out these agent icons on your management displays into the same floor plan as your center - depicting each agent where they are actually sitting. Coming this week is another new release of our Dynamic Campaign Builder (DCB 2.6) which continues to set new standards in productivity. DCB is the realization of a dream in that non-programmers now quickly develop and implement complete contact applications. We hold the 2 day DCB training class every week! We've also introduced two new sales promotions this week for new customers (see attachment). If you have not done so recently, please check out our improved website at www.noblesys.com Among other enhancements, you will appreciate the new Search capability; simply enter keyword(s) and you can quickly get to the items of interest including the earlier press releases and customer success stories. Jeffrey, if I can be of any assistance, please advise.   <Sep> Subject :  Noble Systems Executive Update 
Email : Put me down for $150. I'll mail you a check in UK sterling which I'm sure you'll get converted by a US bank. Matthew         Enron Capital & Trade Resources Corp.  From:  Jeff Skilling @ ENRON                           19/04/2001 23:18   <Sep> Subject :  MS150 Pledge 
Email : Attached are the repurchase of the Foundation's  assigned partnership interest in two separate funds established by brothers late  last year. The assets in both of the partnerships consisted of CDs, Treasuries  and cash both at the time of the assignment and the repurchase. Since I am  transmitting these memos electronically, you may response your  approval/disapproval with a reply to this email or fax your copy to me. If you  have any questions about either of these repurchases, please give me a  call.   <Sep> Subject :  Repurchase of Partnership Interests 
Email : <<MF April 23rd 2001.pdf>>     Good Monday Morning - Comments From The Local Guys! At the end of 2000, a new Federal Insider-Trading Rule (Rule 10b5-1) was adopted by the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. This rule greatly enhances an insider's/employee's ability to trade his/her corporate shares during blackout periods. We, the Local Guys would like our readers to know of this new rule change because of its significant advantages over the prior insider trading rules. Previously, without the protection of this new SEC rule, employees and insiders could safely trade only outside of designated blackout windows. Under this new rule, insiders/employees may have the ability to purchase and sell their corporate shares even during blackout periods if a written plan was established and in force when the insider/employee was not in possession of material, non-public information. The new rule contains other restrictions and should be reviewed carefully. Lehman Brothers has established a turn-key plan that take into account the regulatory procedures for establishing such a plan. Please email us or call us for more information. The 30-year US T-Bond yield is 5.72%. The 10-year yield is 5.18%. The 5-year is trading at 4.69%. Spot crude oil is trading at $27.81 p/b. Natural Gas - Henry Hub -  is trading at $5.12 p/mcf. AD Time:    The Local Guys! - Who We Are. - The partnership of Jordan Larimore and David Morris manages investments for individual and corporate clients. - We help investors achieve their personal and professional portfolio goals. - We manage individual portfolios.. - We use Outside Money Managers. - We utilize the top Mutual Fund Families. - We help with portfolio re-diversification - taking investors out of highly concentrated equity situations and rediversifying those dollars. - We also work on Corporate Stock Option Plans and 144 Restricted Stock issues. - We welcome hearing from you! Call us toll-free at 1-800-227-4537. Lehman's Research.   <Sep> Subject :  The Morning Market Call - Monday April 23rd, 2001. 
Email : As most of you know, one of our beloved team members had a serious accident during the MS150 on Saturday, just before the Bellville lunch stop. His name is Joseph Kaye, and he is a two-year veteran of Team Enron. He was taken by helicopter to a trauma unit in the medical center where he remains in ICCU. I want you to know that even though his prognosis was bleak at one time, he has come out of his coma, has demonstrated control of all his extremities, and we are anticipating a full recovery. He has several fractures of his skull which will heal, and he has no spinal impairment. This healing is a miracle unfolding. I have just returned from a visit with Joseph's family. I told them you have been e-mailing and calling, and they asked me to thank you for all the concern you have expressed and the prayers that have been sent his way. The family asked that I receive any cards or letters you may wish to send, and I will make sure they are delivered as appropriate. Please send to:   Amelia Alder, Enron Corp, P.O. Box 1188, Suite 3AC-3120, Houston, TX 77251-1188. We have been unable to determine the cause of the accident, and only know that it did not involve a collision with a motor vehicle or another bike. And you might know......those of you who share his passion of cycling......some of the first thoughts he was able to communicate by writing with his good hand were:  "Where's my bike?" Please keep Joseph in your thoughts and prayers, and I will keep you posted if there is any other news. Best regards,   <Sep> Subject :  MIRACLE IN BELLVILLE 
Email : Brothers, It has come to my attention that either our YahooGroup is not working, or you are not communicating. So this message is a Search for ExtraTerrestial Intelligence among the select Betas that make up this august group. I will even count terrestial intelligence this time. What with Homecoming only 5 days away, we figured there would be some message traffic on eWooglin. Hit reply when you see this message to let me know if there is life out there.   <Sep> Subject :  [smu-betas] SETI via eWooglin 
Email : Dear Jeff,  I have been an employee of EBS for just about one year. I relocated from New York City, where I had lived and worked all of my life. The reason I made the move to Enron and Houston was the "opportunity and growth" that EBS was going to provide. I sold my home, left my job at AT&T of 18 years and uprooted my family and bought a home in Houston. I enjoyed my various jobs at EBS very much and felt as though I have made a strong contribution to EBS. Yet, I have been told that my position is no longer needed and have been placed in the redeployment program. I have had no opportunities presented to me within Enron or EBS during the past 30 days. I have 15 days to find a job. My family is very upset and worried. My question is " What is the company doing about employees that have been released and feel betrayed?' Rob Picciotto   <Sep> Subject :  Floor meeting question 
Email : Jeff:  I've been trying to get large enterprises to use us for getting incremental bandwidth. The current mindset seems to be either "I already have too much bandwidth" or that "I need my network to be secure; how can I trust you to be in business five years from now?". Can you suggest some ways of breaking this gridlock? I firmly believe that getting some Fortune 50's on our roster will establish our reputation. BTW, congratulations on making it on yet another list (this time a personal honor in Worth magazine).   <Sep> Subject :  Question for floor meeting 
Email : All,   We had a great HAN meeting yesterday, with presentations from  5 companies. For those of you who were unable to attend, I have attached  the follow-up meeting schedule for the presenting companies. Also, I have listed a contact person for each of the  companies, whom you should contact for more information regarding location  information or changes to the schedule. If you have already signed up for  a follow up meeting, more information will be forwarded to you directly. Blow it Out Systems (BIOS):    Meeting  date:     October  24 Time:                  8:00  AM Contact:             Michelle Weisblatt, mweisblatt@yahoo.com    Commerciant:   Meeting date:    October  22 Time:                 4:00  PM Contact:             Ross Crawford, crawford@dfpllc.com    Fairway Medical:   Meeting date:   October  26 Time:                8:00 AM Contact:          Leo  Womack, Lwomack@commercesecurities.com    Point Cross:       Meeting date:    October  23 Time:                8:00 AM Contact:          Glenn  Dubin, gdubin@houstontech.org    Provis Broadband:  Meeting date:  October  25 Time:               8:30 AM Contact:         Scott  Crist, scott@cristventures.com    Also, as Billy Ladin and Ross Crawford mentioned in the meeting, Membership  is a key focus of the organization and we would appreciate any help or feedback  on names of potential new Members. All of you who have not paid  can help by either mailing your check or by calling Kathy Nethercutt at HTC with  your credit card information. For those of you who have paid, who  would like to be more formally involved in our recruiting efforts, please  contact Ross Crawford at (713) 658-8080 or by email at crawford@dfpllc.com . All checks  should be made payable to the Houston Angel Network, c/o the Houston  Technology Center. I have provided a mailing address, email address  and phone number below:   <Sep> Subject :  October HAN Breakfast--Recap 
Email : Mr. Skilling,  I have been attempting to work with Enron Broadband for over six months; indeed, we have an 'Agent' agreement. With the recent market disequilibrium, it has become next to impossible to close deals with your company. Like you, I am a consultant, a deal-broker, a veritable rainmaker. Unlike you, I didn't consult with a big firm. I am independent an am extremely hungry. That said, I would love to sit with you to discuss opportunities of where Enron is going and how they are going to get there. These impromptu emails often work and have even afforded me one-on-one chats with the likes of  VISA founder, Dee Hock! I can provide further background information should you be interested in meeting. I have many ideas on the telecom future for Enron that are exciting, practical, and profit mongering. I'd love the chance to speak with you over the phone, on instant messenger, or even face-to-face. With perspicuity and aplomb,   <Sep> Subject :  Impact 
Email : Dear Bros,     I hate forwards on emails as much as the next guy, and perhaps it's the last several beers I've just shared with brothers Grumbles, Elvis and the Mule that causes me to forward this one. Then again, maybe it's because I couldn't have written it better myself. For what it's worth. Drow   <Sep> Subject :  [smu-betas] Fwd: President Bush 
Email : A new Kudlow's Take has been published on Kudlow.com. As a subscriber, you may click the hyperlink below, login, and view the latest Kudlow's Take. AOL Users please note, you may need to copy and paste the hyperlink into your web browser. Thank You,   <Sep> Subject :  New Kudlow's Take 
Email : Enron Cycling Club Meeting Tuesday, October 16,  11:30 a.m. EB23C1  We have an outstanding guest speaker for you - Dr. Chris Rampacek (formerly of Houston Fit)  Don't miss this - he is an entertaining speaker who has a wealth of knowledge about sports nutrition and conditioning for the athlete. Since most of us are weekend athletes, this information is especially important !) He will present his CYCLEFIT training program specifically designed to get you ready for the MS150 in April 2002  Please RSVP to me or Stephanie Strong at 31653  A box lunch will be served  *************************** Here is the information on Dr. Rampacek's program so you can contact him directly if you are unable to attend the meeting. "The Educational, Physical Conditioning and Social Support Program" for the MS150 in April 2002  The CYCLEFIT training program offers any level of cyclist the opportunity to improve his or her cycling. This program is designed to help the cyclist successfully and comfortably complete the MS150. There are two sessions:  A 13-week program starting October 15, ending January 13 (cost is $70.00) and a 26-week program starting October 15 and ending April 14 (cost is $130.00). You may register and pay at any Houston Sun & Ski Sports store or mail a check made payable to PTI: c/o PTI 4444 Cullen #1301, Houston, TX 77004.   <Sep> Subject :  ECC October Meeting & Training Opportunity 
Email : Paul Murphy has scheduled an Invest. Com. meeting for  Nov. 14th at 7:30 am in Paul's office for the purpose of reviewing our  investment policy and 3rd quarter's investment results. Please let me know  if you can or cannot attend the meeting. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Investment Com. meeting 
Email : Your help in announcing this unique new product would be greatly appreciated. John  "PGS Energy Training Announces Breakthrough New Training Product for Energy Derivatives and Electricity Trading." FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE   <Sep> Subject :  PRESS RELEASE 
Email : The Enterprise Storage Team will be migrating UNIX home directories and applications to new hardware on October 13 and 14, 2001. The migration will begin on Saturday the 13th at 7:00 PM and will be completed by 1:00 AM on Sunday, October 14, 2001. The migration requires a total system outage, so home directories and applications will not be available during the above time period. Please log off before you leave for the weekend. Development teams members will test all migrated applications on Sunday, October 14, 2001. Bob Ambrocik Enterprise Storage Team EB 3429F x5-4577 bob.ambrocik@enron.com   <Sep> Subject :  Solar Migration - Outage - October 13-14 
Email : Hi, Kristin. Your Dad asked me to get in touch with you to see about setting  up some lunches for the two of you. He's traveling quite a bit again in  October, but I'll give you the dates he's available and you tell me which of  those days you can do it:  Friday, October 13 Monday, October 16 Thursday, October 19 Thursday, October 26 Wednesday, November 1 Monday, November 6 Friday, November 10 Monday, November 13 Tuesday, November 14. I'll hold all of these dates for you until I hear back from you. Would you  be able to go at 12:00 noon? SRS   <Sep> Subject :  Lunch with your Dad 
Email : Hi, Kristin. I guess we got our wires crossed last Friday about lunch. Sorry about that. He told me that you guys have rescheduled for tomorrow  (Tuesday) at 12:30 p.m. and that you will meet him there. I'll make a  reservation at Carrabas on Kirby in your Dad's name at that time. Please let  me know if you have a conflict. Thanks, SRS  PS - I also have you down for lunch with your Dad on Friday, November 10 - do  you have it down, too?   <Sep> Subject :  Lunch with your Dad tomorrow... 
Email : THE COUNTDOWN IS ON! The Associate & Analyst Website you have been waiting for is almost ready. It is called AXIS and the official launch date is Monday, January 31, 2000. This AXIS site has everything you need in a user-friendly format. Find it  at  axis.enron.com  For Associates and Analysts: Available rotation information Business unit news and data Program events, activities and other members of the pool Online resume and profile repository Knowledge management events (eThink) Important forms to download ( expense reports, loan applications, etc.) For the Business Units: Search for Associate&Analyst talent using the Manager Toolbox Peruse qualifications  (resumes, career histories) Create and view rotation requests for your group Learn about A&A Program events and activities Participate in knowledge management events (eThink)  We hope that everyone will utilize this outstanding website because it was  designed with both groups in mind. We want the A&A members to know what is  available for them with regard to business unit news and rotation  information; and we want the business units to find the best match for their  professional needs. Check out all the features and help evaluate the  content. Let the Associate & Analyst Department know what you think and  offer any ideas or suggestions. Your input will be invaluable.   <Sep> Subject :  A/A Website 
Email : Hi, Beek. I'm going through all of your e-mails to Jeff and am not able to find the  information on Elvis' party Friday night. Someone had sent an attachment  with the details, but I was unable to open it. Would you mind sending us the  "final" agenda for the festivities this weekend? Jeff will arrive in Dallas  +/- 4:00p Friday night and will be staying at the Crescent Court hotel. Thanks so much! SRS   <Sep> Subject :  Elvis' party 
Email : Sanjay, Jeff asked me to write you to introduce you to Gerald Chan, the  brother of Ronnie Chan (ENE director). Gerald has been investing in capital  ventures in the US and Asia for many years. Of late, he has been running  into companies in which Enron is investing or is interested in investing, and  Jeff met with him today to discuss this. Jeff suggested that Gerald contact  you to discuss further. I have provided Gerald with your telephone numbers,  address and e-mail address. You should expect to hear from him shortly. For your information, below is the pertinent information on Gerald:  Gerald Chan Chairman & CEO Morningside Technologies 22/F, Hang Lung Centre, 2 Paterson Street Causeway Bay, Hong Kong Telephone: 852.2894.9800 Fax: 852.2576.6863 e-mail: glchan@morningsidetech.com web: www.morningsidetech.com  Please let us know if you have any questions. SRS   <Sep> Subject :  Introduction of Gerald Chan 
Email : John,  Many thanks for agreeing to speak at our YPO session on April 24, 2001, in= =20 Houston. The meeting will be held at Enron Broadband Services=01, network= =20 equipment staging building, which is close to downtown. We anticipate=20 attendance of about 100 people. Breakfast will begin at 7:30 a.m., and the program will run from 8:15 a.m. = to=20 10:15 a.m. The subject is "New Trends in Technology and Venture Capital." = =20 You will be on a panel discussion with two other venture capitalists. I=20 expect the tone will be highly informal, but I will schedule a conference= =20 call (probably in early March) to provide more details and specific topics = of=20 interest. Again, John, thank you. I look forward to seeing you in April.   <Sep> Subject :  YPO Panel, April 24, 2001 
Email : Kevin,  Many thanks for agreeing to speak at our YPO session on April 24, 2001, in= =20 Houston. The meeting will be held at Enron Broadband Services=01, network= =20 equipment staging building, which is close to downtown. We anticipate=20 attendance of about 100 people. Breakfast will begin at 7:30 a.m., and the program will run from 8:15 a.m. = to=20 10:15 a.m. The subject is "New Trends in Technology and Venture Capital." = =20 You will be on a panel discussion with two other venture capitalists. I=20 expect the tone will be highly informal, but I will schedule a conference= =20 call (probably in early March) to provide more details and specific topics = of=20 interest. Again, Kevin, thank you. I look forward to seeing you in April.   <Sep> Subject :  YPO Panel, April 24, 2001 
Email : Dear Mr. TenHave,  We are in receipt of the above referenced letter addressed to Mr. Jeff  Skilling. At this time, Enron has no interest in investing in prime  timber/woodlands. We do, however, thank you for the opportunity and wish you  success in this endeavor. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Letter dated November 28, 2000 
Email : Dear Mr. Dillehay,  We are in receipt of the above referenced letter addressed to Mr. Jeff  Skilling. At this time, Enron is not interested in utilizing the services  Epsilon provides. We do, however, appreciate your interest in Enron and wish  you a very happy holiday. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Letter dated December 4, 2000 
Email : We are in urgent need of approximately 35 interviewers for this weekend's  Super Saturday recruiting, to which 105 analyst and associate candidates have  been invited. You all realize the importance of these efforts, and I would  appreciate you encouraging members of your organization to participate this  weekend. Details are as follows:   <Sep> Subject :  URGENT: Interviewer Request - Saturday, December 9 
Email : Dear Mr. Casamento,  We are in receipt of your letter dated December 6, 2000, addressed to Mr.  Jeffrey Skilling regarding the above opportunity. Your letter stated that  you had also written to Mr. Mark Palmer, among others, at Enron. Please be advised that Mr. Palmer is the appropriate person at Enron with  whom to speak regarding this matter. Thank you and happy holidays. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  The Newshour with Jim Lehrer sponsorship opportunity 
Email : Hi, Suzanne. I was wondering if you would do me a favor. You have sent a couple of  packages to Jeff's home by UPS or FedEx. Unfortunately, Jeff is never there  to sign for them, so the packages are delayed in getting to him as we have to  track them down. UPS is very good about rerouting to the business address,  but FedEx won't reroute without the permission of the sender (i.e., you). At any rate, in the future if you would send packages to Jeff at Enron Corp.,  1400 Smith Street, EB5008, Houston, Texas, 77002, I would really appreciate  it. And of course, anything marked "confidential" is opened only by him. Thanks a lot, Suzanne. Hope all is well with you. Sherri   <Sep> Subject :  Packages 
Email : Mark,    Jeff is considering taking Jeffrey on an African safari July 4-13, and was  wondering if you would have any interest in joining them. He is in the  process of gathering information now and has not yet committed, but wanted to  guage your interest. He's looking primarily at the Ngorongoro conservation  area and the Serengeti. I can forward a proposed itinerary to you once  received from the guides. Please let us know if you're at all interested. Thanks, Sherri   <Sep> Subject :  African Safari 
Email : Dear Mr. Kester,    We are in receipt of your letter dated January 26, 2001, regarding a  sponsorship opportunity at Energy West's Summer Energy Conference. Upon  review, we have decided to decline participation. We thank you for extending the invitation to Enron and send best wishes for a  successful conference. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Summer Energy Conference 
Email : Greetings, Mark. Can you give Jeff a call at the office today when you have  a minute? He's anxious to talk to you...  713.853.6894. Hope all went well  and as expected on Wednesday! SRS   <Sep> Subject :  Hi Mark! 
Email : Patti,  It was good to see you and Mike last night. I wanted to follow up on the MS150 - I can assure you that you will do fine  without training (assuming, of course, that you have a bike). I did it that  way twice before with no major complications. Given your running, you will  do better. It really is a lot of fun. Sherri is checking to see if you can join the Enron team. We will be the  first team off on Saturday morning and the team has good facilities (tents,  food, etc.) that improve the experience. GO FOR IT!! Jeff  PS - hi, Patti - this is Sherri. I did check with our team captain and she  said you could join our team so long as you do so by Friday. She is going to  e-mail all the necessary forms and information to me, which I will forward to  you today if you are interested. Let us know! Hope all is well...   <Sep> Subject :  MS150 
Email : I look forward to seeing you Thursday evening, February 15, at the Texas  Public Policy Foundation ("TPPF") event, "A Farewell Evening with Lady  Margaret Thatcher." Wendy Gramm, who serves on our Board, is the Chairman of  the Board of the TPPF. The TPPF is a state research institute guided by the  core principles of limited government, free enterprise, private property  rights and individual responsibility. TPPF is similar in many respects to  the Heritage Foundation in Washington, D.C., but focuses on state issues. Below are the pertinent details for the event. Please call Rebecca Carter  (x3-7241) or Sherri Sera (x3-5984) if you have any questions.   <Sep> Subject :  Texas Public Policy Foundation dinner - Thursday, February 15 
Email : Amelia, would you please e-mail me the Enron team sign up for for MS150? Jeff's daughter would like to ride with the Enron team. Let me know what I  owe you for that, and I'll send you a check when she fills out the  registration form. Thanks, SRS   <Sep> Subject :  MS150 Enron team sign up 
Email : Thank you for your recent correspondence to Mr. Jeff Skilling. As he is  traveling for the next 10 days, I have taken the liberty of forwarding your  information to  Mr. Greg Piper, COO of Enron Net Works. Mr. Piper is responsible for all of  Enron's e-commerce systems development, such as EnronOnline, ClickPaper.com,  etc. It was sent to him today via interoffice mail, so he should receive it  within the next 24 hours. You may contact him directly at 713.853.6635. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Your correspondence 
Email : Ms. Robinson,   I'm writing on behalf of Jeff Skilling, to whom Kay Cole introduced to you  via e-mail. He would like to speak to you by phone regarding his daughter  Kristin's potential interest in attending Boston University. Would you be  willing to provide us with your phone number? Please let us know if there is anything we can do to assist you with your  future visits to Houston. I looking forward to hearing from you soon. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Request for telephone number 
Email : Metin,  Great to hear from you. Believe it or not, my brother lives in Istanbul and  my son Jeffrey and I are going to visit him this summer - somewhere in the  June 23 to June 28 timeframe. I'd love to see you if it's possible. I'll  let you know when my plans are firm. Jeff   <Sep> Subject :  Hi... 
Email : Gentlemen,  I'm writing on behalf of Jeff Skilling regarding scheduling a 20-minute  conference call to discuss the above referenced presentation/panel discussion  at the Houston Chapter YPO (Young Presidents Organization) meeting. Jeff is  available the afternoon of Thursday, April 12, between the hours of 3:00 p.m.  and 5:00 p.m. (CDT). Please let me know what your availability is during  this time period, and I'll be back in touch to nail down an exact time or to  suggest an alternative date/time. Thank you very much for your commitment to this event and for your patience  in awaiting the details. I look forward to hearing from each of you soon. Best regards,   <Sep> Subject :  April 24 YPO presentation in Houston 
Email : Dear Mr. Thornton,  We are in receipt of your letter to Jeff Skilling dated March 30, 2001. Jeff  has been traveling for the past 2 weeks; however, I wanted you to know that  your letter was received and that you will receive a response as soon as  practical. In the meantime, please feel free to contact me if I may be of further  assistance. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Your letter to Jeff Skilling 
Email : Jeff Skilling asked me to send you his new e-mail address. It is:  jeff.skilling@enron.com. Please let us know if you need any additional  information. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  e-mail address 
Email : Greetings, Tom. I have a great picture of you, Jeff and Jeffrey at the  Inauguration that Jeff asked me to send to you. Unfortunately, I don't have  a mailing address for you. If you would please e-mail me your address, I'll  get the picture right out to you. Thanks, and hope all is well! SRS   <Sep> Subject :  Mailing address 
Email : Hi, Kristin,  Your Dad asked me to let you know that he got your message. He would like to  meet you at Maggiones (the place you two met for lunch the first time). I'm  making a reservation for you guys in his name at 1:00 p.m.   Would you please reply to this e-mail so I know you got it? Thanks, Kristin,  and have a nice lunch. Sherri   <Sep> Subject :  Lunch today 
Email : Hi, Kristin. Your Dad asked me to write you and suggest that the two of you  meet for lunch tomorrow at Grotto on Westheimer at 1:00 p.m. They don't take  reservations, but the lunch crowd should have cleared out by that time. Let  me know if that's ok with you or if you decide not to drive and need him to  pick you up. Have a good time. SRS   <Sep> Subject :  Lunch tomorrow 
Email : Amelia, I was able to collect the remainder of the pledges ($5,140). Please  let me know where you are located, and I'll try to get it over there today. If you happen to be in the building and want to stop by, that's fine, too. Katherine knows where it is if I'm not at my desk. SRS   <Sep> Subject :  Got the rest... 
Email : Dear Mr. Ryan,  We are in receipt of your letter to Mr. Skilling regarding CallTech  Communications contact center services. Mr. Skilling has forwarded your  correspondence to Mr. Chris Reedy, Director of Customer Satisfaction at Enron  Energy Services. Upon review, Mr. Reedy will contact you if appropriate. Sincerely,   <Sep> Subject :  Letter to Jeff Skilling 
Email : Hi Mark. I heard you guys had a great time in Africa - it's hard to believe  it has already come and gone! Just wondering if you still have your unused KLM ticket for the  Istanbul/Amsterdam/Nairobi leg of the trip. That is a refundable ticket, so  if you would return it to me I can get Jeff's card credited for the charge -  I believe it's in the neighborhood of $2,000. If you have it, just drop it  in the mail to:  Sherri Sera c/o Enron Corp. P.O. Box 1188 Houston, TX 77251-1188 U.S.A. Thanks and take care,   <Sep> Subject :  Hello again... 
Email : Hello, Mark. The person you can speak to at Enron is Eric Shaw=20 (44.207.783.5408) - he heads up that part of Europe out of our London=20 office. By copy of this e-mail, I'm letting him know to expect your call. Glad to hear all is well. Good luck with your project! SRS     "Mark Skilling" <markskilling@hotmail.com> on 07/31/2000 06:54:52 AM   <Sep> Subject :  Turkey 
Email : Ladies and gentlemen of Class #64,  Jeff Skilling has reserved Drayton McLane's suite at Enron Field for the  October 1 (last game of the regular season) Astros game against the  Milwaukee, and he would like you to be his guests. First pitch is scheduled  at 7:05p. Please let me know if you are able to join him. If you do plan to attend,  please let me know the most convenient way to get a ticket to you. Don't hesitate to call me should you have any questions. I look forward to a  positive response. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Astros Game 
Email : Mark, Jeff asked me to let you know that John Sherriff, CEO of Enron Europe,  is expecting your call pursuant to the voicemail and letter you sent. John  is very anxious to talk to you. He can be reached in London at  44.207.783.6522. Please let me know if you need any additional information. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Enron Europe 
Email : FWD: hey ry-man! how's tricks? all is on the well-ish tip w/me, um...i hate to be the ba-zillionth person to ask, but what is your story re: employment now? funny thing...rick waddell-enron VP in houston was a co-chair for the round table i was on at a foreign policy conference up at west point during the week preceeding enron's public announcement. actually, the conference ended that very day- all quite interesting...:) anyhow, hope you get this. i will wait to hear that you are still recieving email at this address before i blab on much more. ah! i do look forward to hearing from you and hope all is wund-a-mous w/youse. misses! kelly (mcintyre)   <Sep> Subject :  Message from a two-way device 
Email : So, I do not know if this will get to you . But if it does- I pulled out of  the parkingg lot the other night and drove up Beaverton Hillsdale, went left  onto the street to your house,and I donot have the faintest idea of how to  get to your house!! Shocking since I am always half crocked! Not meant to be  funny. Anyway, I should have callled-Do not have your # in my new  phon-BLAH,BLAH. I was looking forward to not being hammed around you for  once. So, if you get this(I got the adress off your business card I just  found in my wallet) WB or call 901-0376. I am extremly embarresed and I am  sure when you think of me it is not good. But there could be a slim chance  that you still have one ounce of respect for me. So, if you do , I will talk  to you soon. I am sorry !!!!! Noelle   <Sep> Subject :  Lost ?!!??!!? 
Email : Hey thanks for coming out to see the boys the other night, if you weren't there you missed a good show. 24BOM will probably play with Junco Parker again. But more important than that is Thursday night at the Medicine Hat Gallery- 18th and Alberta St-  9:00 PM. Show up and give some support, 24BOM will be recording live that night and it would be great to have some crowd response on that cd!! Thanks again for your support- hope to see you there   <Sep> Subject :  Thursday 
Email : Ryan,  The contact number for AON is 1-800-368-3804. They should be able to help you with your outstanding balance. The contact number for all Benefits is 1-800-332-7979 FYI. Julie K x7404   <Sep> Subject :  AON Contact Number 
Email : You have many questions about how the bankruptcy will affect you personally. The HR team is endeavoring to answer these questions. Due to simple logistics, answering each question individually is very difficult. We are working to solve this issue by compiling answers to the important questions concerning employee benefits, expense payments and so on. Answers to the most frequently-asked questions will be posted on the corporate website at www.enron.com. Click on Information for Enron Alumni Affected by Chapter 11 Filing </corp/alumni/> . These Q&A Facts are regularly updated as soon as accurate and factual information is received. In addition, we will have updates on 1-800-97-ENRON. (Option 9)    If you have questions that have not been answered, please submit them to the following email address:  questions@enron.com  A team of people will be answering these questions and posting answers on the above sites as soon as possible. The HR team will also be posting initial Q&A's within the next few days on www.home.enron.com for our current, retained employees. Thank you for your patience as we work through the complexities of the situation. Julie Kearney 503) 464-7404 julie.kearney@enron.com   <Sep> Subject :  Q&A Process 
Email : Ryan-   I hope you are a bit sorer than I ! Shoulder is in slight disrepair - thankx for the game & company. Please send list to this address. Lets play again in a couple of weeks. Let me know if that works for you. Bill   <Sep> Subject :  Fun Evening 
Email : I regret to announce that Paul Kane tendered his resignation from Enron this afternoon effective close of business tomorrow, Friday November 30th. We are sorry to see him go. Please join me in wishing him well in his future endeavors. Dave   <Sep> Subject :  Paul Kane Resigns 
Email : FYI -  All trades done on behalf of El Paso will now be directly billed by El Paso. This means three things for us:  1. Format of the model stays the same. 2. Deals do not go into Enpower. 3. "Counterparty" in the model must show the billing counterparty only (to simplify Kathy's settlement process). *Per El Paso, please try to market their power through SRP, PNM, PAC, and LADWP only. * These are the counterparties El Paso has contacted regarding our new arrangement. Please let me know if you have questions. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  El Paso Status - PLEASE READ 
Email : Ryan,  Your ICE access has been completed:   User ID: ryslinger Password: van33nip  Please contact the ICE help desk at 770-738-2101 should you have any questions. The answer to your secret question is ASTROS. Let me know if you have any questions. Thank you,   <Sep> Subject :  Intercontinental Exchange User ID & Password 
Email : Hello Ryan,    My name is Garrett Stephenson and I am a executive recruiter in the Houston area. I currently have a few opportunities available in ERCOT and WSCC trading and was wondering if you would be interested in looking at these opportunities or if you knew someone that would. Please let me know a good phone number and time to contact you. I am representing a great company who is offering great benefits, base, and 17% of the book back to the traders. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  Trading opportunities. 
Email : hey sweetness-  i hope this finds you well. hows tricks? looks as if you are wrking for a new firm, hows that going? i was just in p-town last week, but i was only there for 2 days...otherwise i would have rang you up. so, i am back down at school in claremont for the term, looks to be a busy one--heavy theory courses and i am working as event coordinator for the california european union center. also heading to DC in november to present my research  at an anthro conference, so that'll eat up a bunch o' time w/prep work and travel.   <Sep> Subject :  hey! kelly here!claire gave me yo 411 
Email : To Enron Employees:  We want to take this opportunity to update all current employees of our ongoing plans for bringing our company out of bankruptcy. First, to be clear, there are valuable businesses at Enron. We intend to restructure the company and emerge from Chapter 11 as a healthy, albeit smaller, company. In evaluating each Enron business or asset, we have been asking ourselves two key questions: "Is the business or asset more valuable to the creditors as a going concern that generates positive cash flow, or is it more valuable being sold and turned into cash?" We have completed our preliminary analysis and have concluded that the majority of the U.S. assets are more valuable as a going concern. These include pipelines, power stations and oil and gas properties to name a few. Many of our emerging market assets are not generating adequate cash and, thus, may be more valuable being sold and turned into cash. The wholesale trading operation is clearly only valuable with a strong balance sheet behind it. Unfortunately, Enron does not currently have a strong balance sheet. Therefore, we are negotiating a transaction whereby Enron would contribute this business to a third party joint venture with a high credit rating while retaining a residual interest in its profit stream. We believe this is the best alternative to preserve the value of the wholesale business and maintain a cash flow for the remaining businesses of Enron. We know that everyone is concerned about the recent retention payments made to certain employees. Let me try to explain our rationale. As you know, Enron is an intellectual capital business. Without key people, we go into liquidation. The wholesale natural gas and power business has been the most profitable business at Enron for the past several years. It was this business that Dynegy was most interested in acquiring. Therefore, in early November as the proposed merger was being negotiated, approximately 75 employees related to this business received retention bonuses. These retention bonuses were paid to employees that were essential to the ultimate success of the merger. Last week, we took the additional step, related specifically to our bankruptcy filing, of offering payments to approximately 500 employees who are critical to operate our company. These payments came with the condition that the employees receiving such payments stay employed at Enron for a period of at least 90 days. Seventy-five percent of employees who received these payments were below the vice president level. The payments must be repaid, with a significant penalty, if the employee leaves the company early. With these people in place, these businesses have substantially greater value, which will enhance our ability to pay creditors and provide the greatest benefit to all of Enron stakeholders. The next step will be for us to work with creditors to agree to a retention plan strategy for the remaining employees. The goal is for this program to provide you with an incentive for you to stay with us while we work our way out of Chapter 11. We also intend to see if we can work with creditors to develop more generous severance for current employees who involuntarily lose their jobs in the future. This is an extraordinarily difficult time for all of us at Enron. With the constraints of bankruptcy and the deluge of reports from the media, it is difficult for any employee to feel certain of our situation. However, our previous and near-term actions are intended to preserve as much of the value of our businesses as possible so that we remain a viable company both in the short and long term. Thank you for your patience, your understanding and your continuing hard work and contributions. Office of the Chairman   <Sep> Subject :  Update 
Email : Hey there, kids. We just wanted to remind you about some upcoming shows. = First of all, we'll be at the Medicine Hat Gallery on 2/7 -- it's a great r=   <Sep> Subject :  Just another freindly reminder from 24BOM 
Email : Dear Mathew,  Thank you for your interest in receiving a free trial to Natural Gas Intelligence, the industry's leading news and pricing service since 1981. You have a trial subscription to:       -  NGI's Daily Gas Price Index       -  NGI's Weekly Gas Price Index       -  Natural Gas Intelligence, the Weekly Newsletter       -  NGI's Bidweek Survey   You will need to use your username and password to access the website. Username: msmith9 Password: 8437dq56  Keep in mind that both the username and password are case sensitive, meaning that username johnsmith is not the same as JohnSmith. Your trial is active until 05/30/2001. Your trial subscription offers you access to three publications. Here is a brief overview of each:  Daily Gas Price Index includes: * The latest breaking industry news in a concise, easy-to-read format * Cash and NYMEX prices with market analysis  Weekly Gas Price Index is updated each Monday and includes: * NGI's first of the month Bidweek Price Survey * Futures and Weather Data  Natural Gas Intelligence is updated each Monday and includes: * Impact of electric industry restructuring and the emerging power markets * Supply/demand changes and projections  And don't forget you will also be able to: * Create customized cash and futures pricing graphs * Graph current storage levels against historical figures * Search our comprehensive news archive to find the story you need   <Sep> Subject :  Welcome to Natural Gas Intelligence 
Email : Celebrate the Topping Out of Enron Center South on Monday, April 23rd in Antioch Park. At 4pm,  the last beam will be hoisted to the 40th floor of the new building. The Building Guy will present a clear explanation of the Topping Out Tradition celebrated by construction crews everywhere. In celebration of Arbor Day, tree saplings will be handed out to all participants. The last beam can be viewed this week in The Plaza near Starbucks. Sign your name on the beam and be a part of Enron history. Mind's Eye Madness - A Celebration of Innovation! Introducing an on-site "Celebration of Innovation" in true Enron-style from April 24th to April 27th!!! "Mind's Eye Madness" is a week-long celebration brought to you by Employee Involvement & Events and supported by Vince Kaminski. With a view to highlight advancements in technology, new businesses at Enron and the importance of being yourself, check out the lobby each day during lunch - more details will follow! Tuesday, April 24th  Imagine the Future Wednesday, April 25th  Laser-Focused Business Thursday, April 26th  The Power of Perspicuity Friday, April 27th  Freaky Friday & Big E Cafe  Mind's Eye Madness Afternoon Workshops "Images of Enron in 2020" on April 24th Join Amy Oberg with EES and Dr. Peter Bishop, Chair & Professor of the University of Houston's Future Program, on Tuesday, April 24th, from 1:30pm to 3:30pm to imagine Enron in the year 2020!! "Futures tools" will be utilized in this two-hour participatory session where participants will develop alternate scenarios of what Enron might be like in 2020. This will include developing a snapshot, including Enron's characteristics, culture, businesses and the current business and world environment, looking at the past and present and moving on to the exploring how the future might play out and what Enron might be like at that time. Space is limited to 40 participants for this afternoon workshop - please contact Jessica at x31918 to reserve your seat. The results of the session will be shared with Mr. Skilling's office. Location TBD. "The Painting Experience" on April 26th What is it? An opportunity to break down barriers and rules that limit your creativity on Thursday, April 26th. This afternoon workshop from 3:30pm to 5:30pm is an experiential creativity program designed especially for the workplace. The expressive arts offer exciting possibilities for taking creative risks professionally as well as providing valuable insights about how we can come from a place of greater possibility at work. Space is limited! Please contact Jessica at x31918 to reserve your seat. Location TBD. Swing out with the Sparacino & Company Dancers' rousing performance of  SWING KIDS! at the Miller Outdoor Theatre in Hermann Park. Enron Night will be Friday,  April 20 at 8:30pm and the performance is free of charge to the public. Although reservations are not required, you may secure a VIP seat by calling 713.520.9070 or e-mailing dancer@neosoft.com. The evening is compliments of Sparacino & Company Dancers. We know there are plenty of aspiring (and frustrated) nature photographers out there, so come join us for a Brown Bag! Kathy Adams Clark, a local professional photographer and teacher of photography will be giving loads of suggestions on how to improve your nature photos. Her photos have appeared in Texas Parks and Wildlife, Texas Highways, Bird Watcher's Digest, Birds & Bloom, Birder's World, Ducks Unlimited, and many more magazines and books. Her photos appear every Friday in the Chronicle's "Wonders of Nature" column written by her husband, Gary Clark. Bring your camera!! When:  Tuesday, April 24th, 11:30 AM to 12:30 PM Where:  EB 5C2   The official count is in and Team Enron finished on top in the corporate race to field the largest team for the upcoming BP MS 150. Team Enron has 475 riders, which is up from last year's top number of 380 and we will have the honor of heading out first on April 21 when the MS 150 gets underway at 7 a.m. at Tully Stadium. Putting the pressure on Enron was MS 150 sponsor BP, with a close second of 460 riders - up from 130 last year. In third and fourth places are Anadarko with 375 and Halliburton with 275. The MS150 benefits the National Multiple Sclerosis Society and Team Enron will focus on beating last year's phenomenal fundraising efforts of over $537,000!!! Please pledge your favorite rider or contact Heather Choate at x33278 if you would like to volunteer for the ride. Go Team Enron!!! If you didn't make it to Opening Day at Enron Field but would like to get some of those great-looking hats that were handed out, we have them on sale for $10 through the company store. To order, go to enronsigshop.com and click on the Enron Field category. The Enron Volleyball Association will be sponsoring it's annual Spring Fever Volleyball Tournament to be held at Third Coast Volleyball Club. For the first time, we will have a separate bracket for teams of four. Food and drinks will be provided and cash prizes will be awarded to the top three teams from each bracket. For more information, contact Traci Nguyen (713.853.9032). Recycle Your Cell Phone!!! Did you forget to bring in your discarded cell phones last week? If so, please send them to Gavin Dillingham at 3AC1526b by April 30th. By bringing your old phones, bag phones, batteries, adapters, charging units and other cell phone related items, you will support Enron's effort to benefit the Houston Chapter of CARE. CARE is on the world's largest international relief and development organizations with funds going directly to develop sustainable agricultural and economic systems including medical and educational programs in Latin America, Asia, Africa, Europe and the Caribbean. All collected cell phones will be recycled back into use or disposed of in an environmentally responsible manner and you will receive an acknowledgement letter from CARE for this donation. WalkAmerica, taking place April 29, is the March of <Sep> Subject :  Enron In Action 04.16.01 
Email : I would like to announce the following management changes within the Analyst / Associate Program, which are effective immediately. Traci Warner will assume responsibility for Recruiting for the Western Hemisphere. Traci joined Enron's Associate Program in 1995 and has held positions in Business Development, Origination, and Public Relations at Enron Energy Services, Enron North America and Enron Broadband Services. Ted Bland will assume responsibility for Career Development (including rotations) for the Western Hemisphere. Ted has been with Enron since 1989 and has held several roles in Origination and Business Development within Enron Wholesale Services. Most recently, Ted was assigned to the commercialization of some activities within Human Resources. Anna Jansson, who is based in London, will continue to lead all efforts for the Associate / Analyst Program in the Eastern Hemisphere. Anna has been with Enron Europe for the past three years and, most recently, has been responsible for setting up the EBS Human Resources function in Europe. Please join me in working with Traci, Ted and Anna to ensure the success of this important program. Billy Lemmons Vice President, Analyst / Associate Program   <Sep> Subject :  Analyst / Associate Program Leadership Changes 
Email : eSource's weekly Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) Newsletter, Volume 11. This issue outlines coverage for April 06th - April 12th. A word document and a PDF formatted versions of the newsletter are attached for your convenience. Should you have any questions concerning this newsletter or its distribution, please do not hesitate to contact us.   <Sep> Subject :  Weekly LNG Newsletter 
Email : hey guys,  sorry for being such a bum by not keeping in touch. i've been VERY stressed recently. i have pretty much avoided all communication with anyone and locked myself indoors. and, (you'll find this hard to believe), i haven't even been going out! i am really nervous about my exam, so i've just been trying to concentrate on studying. after my exam (2 weeks from wednesday),  i will be SO ready to party. i promise i'll get in touch afterwards. until then, i am going to continue my seclusion...  see ya, kathy Free, encrypted, secure Web-based email at www.hushmail.com   <Sep> Subject :  out of touch 
Email : Martin Cuilla has kindly agreed to offer his time to help us understand some of the key concepts as trading Natural Gas. Therefore, starting sometime next week, we will be arranging a weekly Q/A. Please forward me any questions/topics you wish to discuss, so we can organize an itinerary, i.e. :  What products do we trade? How do you manage risk ? What does this floor trade on a daily basis? Overview his job function? How is P/L calculated throughout/end of day? The difference between physical and financial products? The difference between Nymex, Basis, Cash, Prompt Physical, Prompt Financial, Term, ROM etc? Explanation of the concept of Basis Differential? How do transportation costs affect Basis calculations? How the Nymex products affect the above... i.e. auto hedge? What are the downstream systems, i.e. Sitara for physical etc?   <Sep> Subject :  Training 
Email : All, Enclosed is a list of specific cities that we are planning to scrape for the weather database. It is sorted by state. Please look this over and let me know about any other cities that need to be included in the list. Keep in mind that we will be using this data primarily for models, so look for cities you think will be important to your area of concern. Don't worry about the station ID or the WBAN codes, I will take care of those. Please let me know by the end of the day Wednesday. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Weather database cities 
Email : All,  John Lavorato has requested your attendance every other Wednesday as listed below. Each desk head will give an approx 1.5 presentation on their respective areas. Please mark the below in your calendars. If at any time there is a change in the presenter I will notify you. If you have any questions please let me know. Rgds,   Karen x54667     Room:  32C2 Time:  4 - 6 pm. Wednesday, April 18th  Allen, Philip Wednesday, May 2nd  Arnold, John Wednesday, May 16th  Davis, Dana Wednesday, May 30th  Gilbert-Smith, Doug Wednesday, June 13th  Grigsby, Mike Wednesday, June 27th  Martin, Thomas Wednesday, July 11th  Neal, Scott Wednesday, July 25th  Presto, Kevin Wednesday, Aug 8th  Herndon, Rogers Wednesday, Aug 22nd  Schwieger, Jim Wednesday, Sept 5th  Shively, Hunter Wednesday, Sept 19th  Sturm, Fletcher   <Sep> Subject :  Trading Track - Training Session 
Email : Dear Matthew,  HB 1877, by Rep. Patricia Gray, has been set on the House of Representatives Calendar for debate TODAY, Wednesday, May 09, 2001. This bill would protect your right to choose where you purchase your contact lenses by providing for automatic release of contact lens prescriptions upon final fitting and allowing for a faxed copy of your prescription, instead of requiring a hand written original. Legislators need to hear from contact lens wearers in support of this important bill IMMEDIATELY. Please call your state representative's office now and let them know: 1) You are a constituent of their district. 2) You would like them to vote for HB 1877. 3) You support automatic release of contact lens prescriptions, and a faxed copy instead of an original handwritten one because it protects your right to choose where you buy your contact lenses.   <Sep> Subject :  URGENT:  Contact Lens Bill Needs Your Help! 
Email : eSource presents Global Access training  Global Access offers an online connection to complete company information and filings via content that includes Disclosure, Worldscope, Datastream and I/B/E/S. The product is designed to allow users to get complete company information such as financials, filings, databases and news for thousands of US and International companies from a single source. Training Agenda Includes: ? General Introduction. ? Basic Reference View Query (Which provides an itemized list of all available source data.) ? Basic Business View Query (Which pulls source data from various Global Access content, and displays it in a presentation summary). Attend our Global Access Clinic:       May. 16 - 9:00 -10:00 AM  EB572   <Sep> Subject :  eSource Presents Free Global Access Training 
Email : Matt,   Long time no  hear, hope you're doing fine at the new company. Sorry to bother you  with this issue again since I know Leo Sommaripa has contacted you  already, so I'll be brief and to the point. We have been  trying to save a copy of the Database on a CD-R so that we can give it to the  client for their reference but some issues have come up which have to do with  programming. Our intention is for the client to keep the database in the CD and  to be able to access all the features in it so that there is no need for them to  copy it unto a hard drive and possibly modify the data. Since by saving it unto a CD makes the database  read-only, there's no problem with keeping the data on the disk intact, and  we're even working on a disclaimer to paste on the database. The problem is  that by making it into a read-only file, some commands have become disabled. Specifically, the buttons on the review form that access the compliance,  operations, equipment, and staffing forms are not available through the  read-only format. I ventured into the programming codes for the commands and  found the following string on all four buttons:   DoCmd.DoMenuItem acFormBar, acRecordsMenu,  acSaveRecord, , acMenuVer70   I temporarily  deleted that line from the programming codes for all four and so far have not  had any problems with accessing all levels of the database in the CD. Now, I do  not know exactly what that string does to the database but would much rather  find a safer alternative if possible or at least know that the string is  not a critical part of the process. If this is something that can be answered  right off the bat I'd appreciate it, I realize that this is not a priority  anymore so if its something that will consume  a extended period of time,  let me know and I will continue seraching through other  channels. I guess this  wasn't brief after all and I appreciate the time and effort. I can be  emailed or I can make the arrangements to call you, whatever's better for  you. JCP     Juan Carlos P?rez Bofill, ME Environmental Engineer Vincenty, Heres & Lauria P.O. Box 13455 San Juan, PR 00908-3455 (787)722-4646 (787)723-0232 (fax)   <Sep> Subject :  Greetings 
Email : Houston Ballet gives free performances of Copp?lia at Miller Outdoor Theatre in Hermann Park 8:00 p.m. Friday May 11, Saturday May 12, & Sunday May 13, 2001  sponsored by AZURIX and ENRON  Considered the great comedy of classical ballet, Copp?lia  tells the story of a doll so enchantingly lifelike that she mesmerizes an entire village, captures the heart of a young swain named Franz and inspires the eccentric toymaker Dr. Copp?lius to attempt to transform her into a living, breathing human being. AZURIX and ENRON are Corporate Sponsors for Houston Ballet's Miller Theatre performances, helping to present these free performances of Copp?lia to the people of Houston. Houston Ballet has a limited number of tickets for the seated area each night for employees of AZURIX and ENRON. These tickets are available on a first-come, first-served basis by calling William at 713-535-3235 no later than 5 PM today . (Please be aware that all unoccupied seats are released at 10 minutes before curtain.) Other, free, general public tickets for the seated area (max 4 per person) are available at the Miller Theatre 11:30 a.m. - 1:00 p.m. on the day of performance; for more information call 713-284-8351 for the Miller Theatre ticket information line. Tickets are not required for the lawn area. About Coppelia Copp?lia was first performed on May 25, 1870 at the Th?atre Imp?rial de L'Op?ra, featuring choreography by Arthur Saint-L?on and music by L?o Delibes. The work maintains a special place in the history of dance, serving as a kind of bridge from the glory of the French Romantic ballet in the early nineteenth century to the masterpieces of the Russian Imperial Theater at the turn of the century. Writing in The International Dictionary of Ballet, critic Karen Dacko analyzes the unique characteristics of the piece as follows: "Copp?lia owes its longevity to its inspired, very danceable score. But the ballet is also remarkable for its perennial appeal and for its historical significance as Romanticism's grand finale and classical ballet's prologue." Copp?lia first entered Houston Ballet' repertoire in October 1974, in a staging by Frederic Franklin (who also performed the role of Dr. Copp?lius), and featuring scenery by Peter Farmer. In November 1979, former Royal Ballet ballerina Anne Heaton re-staged the work for the company. When Houston Ballet premiered its new production of the work in March 1992 featuring breathtaking d?cor by Desmond Heeley, Carl Cunningham of The Houston Post wrote, "It would be hard to imagine anything to cap the joyous, gentle, and glorious looking new production of Copp?lia the splendidly prepared company of dancers and musicians put forth Thursday evening on Wortham Center's Brown Theater stage." (The Houston Post, March 21, 1992) Heeley's designs for Copp?lia never fail to enchant, most notably in the second-act depiction of Dr. Copp?lius's workshop. The sampling of dolls on display pay homage to the era when automatons, or mechanical toys, were the rage in Europe -- and to Heeley's inexhaustible creativity. Among the eye-popping toys featured in  the workshop are a huge astrologer with a pointed hat and a robe covered in shooting stars and moons; a strongman with a handlebar mustache and barbells; Puss n Boots; an acrobat hanging from a trapeze holding the man in the moon; and a small ballerina dancing on the back of a goat. In the first act, the vibrant reds, golds, and oranges of the costumes worn by the peasants in the village conjure up a wonderfully picturesque vision of nineteenth century Bavaria.   <Sep> Subject :  Houston Ballet's Miller Theater Performance of Coppelia 
Email : I have the changes in place in order to start capturing the storage balance(s) for the 2 identified PG&E points ("PG&E Storage" and "Wild Goose Storage"). The next scrape time for PG&E is 12:30 today, so we can evaluate the first run of these values shortly after that. Through the end of the week (and even beyond), this data should be monitored closely, to make sure the calculations are correct. Any questions/concerns, let me know. Chris  Pipeline ID:  47 DRN's:   PGEINV, WILDGOOSEINV  Data starts with effective date 05/12/2001, cycle 7  (this value obtained from the old PG&E Operational Report, needed to 'seed' the rolling calculations)   <Sep> Subject :  PG&E Storage Balance(s) 
Email : eSource's weekly Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) Newsletter, Volume 10. This issue outlines coverage for March 30th - April 05th. A word document and a PDF formatted versions of the newsletter are attached for your convenience. Should you have any questions concerning this newsletter or its distribution, please do not hesitate to contact us.   <Sep> Subject :  Weekly LNG Newsletter 
Email : In order to keep the Pipeline Flow database as current as possible, and to help out Catalina and Sachin with the migration of their reports, I have reloaded the IHS_PIPELINE_METER table in the FDYPIPELINEDEV database. It now contains data from the April 24, 2001 CD (as given to me by Tara). Let me know of any questions/concerns. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  IHS Reload 
Email : eSource's weekly Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) Newsletter, Volume 9. This issue outlines coverage for March 23rd - 29th. A word document and a PDF formatted versions of the newsletter are attached for your convenience. Should you have any questions concerning this newsletter or its distribution, please do not hesitate to contact us.   <Sep> Subject :  Weekly LNG Newsletter 
Email : Pete- Thanks so much for doing this. We are looking for a map of the entire state of California, and both major pipelines. These are the things we are looking for on the SoCal/PG&E map:   <Sep> Subject :  SoCal/PG&E map 
Email : All,  I would be grateful if you could please confrim your rotation data by return (this is to ensure or HR systems reflect your current rotation). Pls confirm by end of day today. Current Rotation: Supervisor Name:   Thanks, Karen.   <Sep> Subject :  Current Rotation info 
Email : OKay, so I thought the weather might get better but it's looking as if Sunday and Monday may be the only nice weather we will have, if at all. so, let's plan on that day/night/day combo for boating activities. If that weater starts to change for the worst, do we want to postpone for another sunnier weekend and/or just take the festivities somewhere indoors?? love, k   <Sep> Subject :  M-day plans 
Email : All,  We are scheduling Interviews for new candidates to the Trading Track, next Wedesday 30th May. I am looking for volunteers to particpate in this event. Agenda:  Tuesday: 29th:  Dinner with five external candidates Tuesday night. Wednesday 30th:  11.00 - 12.30  Office tour - Trading Floor/Gas Control Room - five external candidates  12.30 - 1.30   Lunch with all 15 candidates (comination of internal and external). I need 3 of you to attend dinner on the 29th, 2 of your to faciliate the office tour and give insight to the operations and would like for all of you to attend the lunch. Pls advise on both at your earliest conveneince. Rgds, Karen.   <Sep> Subject :  Trading Track Interviews 
Email : Just as a heads up... The web site that serves data for Kinder Morgan, Transcolorado, NGPL, etc. is having issues as I write this. The following message comes up when trying to receive point data:  An error occurred while executing the page. Please use the "Back" button on your browser to try again, or try again at a later time. If the problem persists, please contact ApplicationName Support (user@kne.com). The error message is: [INTERSOLV][ODBC SQL Server driver][SQL Server]ct_results(): user api layer: internal Client Library error: Read from the server has timed out. Basically, this means their server currently has issues. I just wanted to send this out as a heads up that we could potentially miss some cycle information for the morning reports. Hopefully, the site will stabilize before then. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  KNE web site problems 
Email : Questar appears to not have updated their data since 05/23/2001...files we scraped over this weekend contain no data after that date...   Overthrust appears to have had problems with their site this weekend. All cycles failed this weekend. Transcolorado Deliveries / Kinder Morgan Segments Cycle 4 also had some issues this weekend...those jobs have been reset as well. I have reset all of the above jobs, but we may need to look into recovering data for the lost days. Chris   <Sep> Subject :  Questar/Overthrust, and Other Harvesting Issues This Weekend 
Email : Apologies to anyone I did not include on the mail I sent earlier today...  As a recap, we had some issues this weekend with Questar, Overthrust, and one cycle each of Kinder Morgan and Transcolorado. I reset all failed jobs this afternoon, and Overthrust appears to still be having problems as I write this...cycles 1 and 3 for Overthrust have failed again, due to web site errors. As stated previously, we should look into attempting to recover missed data for the afforementioned pipes as soon as possible. Also, a call to Overthrust might be in order, to see if they expect any more down time. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Harvesting Issues...Memorial Day Weekend 
Email : Guys,  I am really glad that the report generations were working fine during the period when I was away,  thanks to the efforts of Kim, Lindon and Angela. But I am so sad that you don't have to have me around anymore for your reports ...  Hereby I'd like to give you an update on a few issues we fixed/fixing. a) Code has been added to show the Storage balance in the historical report instead of average  b) Because OLAP cube interprets Null as 0 value, we saw monthly average to be 0 but actually should be Null,  we've added code to detect Null value so that "NA" will be shown for monthly average rather than 0.  c) Some pipeline (e.g. PGE) broadcast forward (future) flow, so in the end of the month, the latest month in Time  dimension of the cube does not indicate the correct one. For instance, today is May. 31, the latest month in Time  dimension is already June, which cause problems in historical report. It has been fixed. e) Central historical reports have been made fit to one page, and extra sheets on the interactive ones have been removed. Matt: In order for the above items to take effect please verify with the executable Kim give you and let us know so that we can use it to replace the one currently used for report generation. Another thing I talked with Matt was the Maximum Capacity column. I understand that you'd like to remove that column for reports which do not report this value, however it involves big structure change to take one column away. I am wondering if we can put "NA" or use some other wording such as "not reported" instead to save coding time and structure change. I need your feedback on this. One last item is that I checked the log for both daily and historical report and noticed that there are still quite some points their report setting are not quite right. Please take a look at the attached, if it is a report you are responsible, make sure the settings are right so we don't see error in the log. Thanks, I'll try to write short email next time.   <Sep> Subject :  Log and others 
Email : The Enron Oral History Project Continues...  "Using History to Help Enron Become the World's Leading Company"  How can an understanding of strategic choices, regulatory change and corporate culture help Enron achieve its vision? Speaker: Joseph Pratt, Cullen Professor of History and Business, University of Houston and  Co-Director, Enron Oral History Project  Thursday, June 7 11:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. EB 5C2  To Make a Reservation, Call 3-1941 and Select Option 1  Lunch will not be provided, but you are welcome to bring your own. Please inform us ahead of time if you need special accommodations to participate in this meeting. Call 3-9390.   <Sep> Subject :  The Enron Oral History Project Continues 
Email : A very successful energy trader parked his brand-new Mercedes in front of his office, ready to show it off to his colleagues. As he got out, a truck passed too close and completely tore off the door on the driver's side. The trader immediately grabbed his cell phone, dialed 911, and within minutes a policeman pulled up. Before the officer had a chance to ask any questions, the energy trading icon started screaming hysterically. His Mercedes, which he had just picked up the day before, was now completely ruined and would never be the same, no matter what the body shop did to it. When he finally wound down from his ranting and raving, the officer shook his head in disgust and disbelief. "I can't believe how materialistic you energy traders are," he said. "You are so focused on your possessions that you don't notice anything else." "How can you say such a thing?" asked the trader. The cop replied, "Don't you know that your left arm is missing from the elbow down? It must have been torn off when the truck hit you." "My God!" screamed the master trader. "Where's my Rolex?"   <Sep> Subject :  trader joke 
Email : Reminder The Enron Oral History Project Continues...  "Using History to Help Enron Become the World's Leading Company"  How can an understanding of strategic choices, regulatory change and corporate culture help Enron achieve its vision? Speaker: Joseph Pratt, Cullen Professor of History and Business, University of Houston and  Co-Director, Enron Oral History Project  Thursday, June 7 11:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. EB 5C2  To Make a Reservation, Call 3-1941 and Select Option 1  Lunch will not be provided, but you are welcome to bring your own. Please inform us ahead of time if you need special accommodations to participate in this meeting. Call 3-9390.   <Sep> Subject :  Reminder 
Email : It appears that the wrong service was stopped last night...a request to stop/restart the real-time weather service also seems to have resulted in the stopping of the Jaguar harvester. This caused no scrape jobs to run last night. This morning the service has been restarted, and data has been recovered. This should be examined closely, as there is the possibility that information is the same for cycles 1 and 2 of certain pipes (this may or may not be an issue...if it is, please advise us on what should be done). Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Harvesting Issues (06/05/2001) 
Email : Hey Mat - I haven't heard from you since we played phone tag about a month ago. Wanted to let you know that I have a trip coming up next week and I'll be passing through IAH Wednesday night around 9:00. Right now my layover is for only 50 minutes but I may be able to catch an earlier connection out of Denver if you're going to be around that night. If you're around I'll call your cell on Wednesday as I'm leaving Denver & let you know if I catch the earlier connection and maybe you can meet me at the airport for a drink. Anyway, let me know what your plans are. Other than being totally swamped here at work things are good. Matt & I see each other about once a month and we're going to Alaska for two weeks at the beginning of August. Let me know how things are with you.   <Sep> Subject :  Hey there 
Email : Hey everyone! So, this Friday is my 27th (YIKES!!) birthday. I plan on going over to Little Woodrows (by Brazos and Hadley) around 5:00 to celebrate. Please come and help me forget that I'm that much closer to 30. (No, Massimo, I'm not going to do 27 shots!) Not sure what the plan is after Little Woodrows, but we'll go from there. Feel free to invite anyone else I may have left off the list. Hope to see you then! Tara   <Sep> Subject :  Friday get-together 
Email : The party is still on. Due to the weather, the Pool party will be moved inside to the Imperial Ballroom East, 3rd level of the Hyatt Regency. see you there!   <Sep> Subject :  Meet the Pool, Venue change 
Email : Mike, Since the IT guys want to wait for the new software to put your cost analysis on the plasma screens I am currently working on using Reuters so that we'll have something in the meantime. I had to call Lori Hernandez, Reuters contact, and have her add some more products to Kobra. As soon as she gets back to me I'll put that together and get it on the screens. Let me know if you have other questions. Aaron   <Sep> Subject :  cost analysis update 
Email : We are launching a number of committees to perform key functions across Enron. Enron's breadth of activities and nonhierarchal organization make it increasingly necessary to broaden the participation of Enron's next generation of leadership in the important decisions affecting the company. Broadening participation will result in increased access to information as decisions are made and will allow committee members to extend their working relationships and influence throughout the company. The committee charters and memberships are set forth below. Not everyone listed has been contacted in advance. We urge you to serve if at all possible, but, if you cannot, please contact the committee chair. VP PRC  The VP PRC will continue to be responsible for evaluating the performance of Enron's Vice Presidents, determining promotions to Vice President, and recommending promotions to Managing Director. Additionally, the VP PRC will review and propose changes to the PRC process, the performance evaluation criteria and the promotion criteria. The VP PRC will be chaired by Dave Delainey and its membership is as follows:   Tim Belden Ben Glisan Danny McCarty  Michael Brown Joe Gold Jeff McMahon  Rick Buy Mark Haedicke Rob Milnthorp  Wes Colwell Jim Hughes Matthew Scrimshaw  David Cox Louise Kitchen Jeff Shankman  Janet Dietrich Michael Kopper Richard Shapiro  Dave Duran John Lavorato Marty Sunde  Jim Fallon Dan Leff      Analyst/Associate PRC  The analyst/associate PRC will be divided into 3 groups. Enron Europe will have the same committee evaluate analysts and associates. This group will be chaired by John Sherriff and its membership is as follows:   Pierre Aury Kevin Heffron Andreas Radmacher  Rob Bayley Joe Hirl Stuart Rexrode  Paul Chivers Chris Mahoney Marcello Romano  Markus Fiala Christopher McKey Bjarne Schieldrop  David Gallagher Roy Poyntz Ron Slimp  Bruce Garner Paul Quilkey Rob Stewart        The associate PRC for the Americas will be chaired by Stan Horton and its membership is as follows:   Sally Beck  Troy Henry Kevin Presto   Jeremy Blachman Sean Holmes  Brad Richter   Don Black Sean Long  Stewart Seeligson  Dan Castagnola  Rodney Malcolm Hunter Shively  Joe Deffner Scott Neal  Jim Steffes   Kevin Garland John Nowlan  Andy Zipper   David Gorte Ozzie Pagan       The analyst PRC for the Americas will be chaired by Steve Kean and its membership is as follows:   Federico Cerisoli  Mark Jackson  Everett Plante   Jennifer Fraser  Ben Jacoby  Paul Racicot   Derrick Davies Steve Jernigan  Angela Schwarz  Scott Gahn  Jay Lewis  Ed Smida   Rod Hayslett Cheryl Lipshutz  Jon Thomsen   Rogers Herndon  Michael Mann Emilio Vicens   Brenda Herod  Ed McMichael  Frank Vickers   Kevin Howard  Steve Meyers        Analyst/Associate Program  The most essential determinant of Enron's continued growth is our ability to attract and develop new talent. The analyst/associate program has been the biggest contributor to our success in this area. Charlene Jackson, currently leading our analyst/associate program, has taken a commercial position in EES' account management organization. We thank Charlene for her hard work and many contributions to the program. Going forward, this program will be administered by a committee chaired by John Sherriff, CEO of Enron Europe. The members of this committee are listed below. Billy Lemmons, currently Vice President of Enron Global Markets, will lead the day-to-day operations of the program. Billy joined Enron in 1992, and has served in a variety of commercial capacities across the company and has been an active participant in the Associate /Analyst program. Please join us in congratulating Billy on his new responsibilities. Phillip Allen Andy Fastow Eric Shaw  Robina Barker-Bennett Kevin Garland Hunter Shively  Rick Causey Ken Rice Stu Staley  Joe Deffner       Culture  We are combining the vision and values, diversity and corporate responsibility committees into a single corporate culture committee chaired by Ken Lay. Cindy Olson, Beth Tilney and Kelly Kimberly will serve as executive directors of this committee. This committee will focus on leadership and work-life issues (making it easier to attract and retain the best talent), in addition to continuing the work of the vision and values, diversity and corporate responsibility task forces. The members of this committee are as follows:   Greg Adams Louise Kitchen Mark Palmer  Shelley Corman Michael Kopper Paula Rieker  Janet Dietrich Richard Lewis Jeff Shankman  Jeff Donahue Sean Long Mitch Taylor  Gene Humphrey Dan McCarty Mike Terraso  Robert Jones Jean Mrha     The Corporate Policy Committee will conduct the MD PRC and review the recommendations of the other committees, giving substantial deference to the decisions of those other committees. We will be forming other committees to deal with other significant functions, tasks and issues facing the company.   <Sep> Subject :  Leadership Committees 
Email : We are bringing in Associate Candidates for Super Saturday this upcoming weekend and we are looking for associates to help host our Saturday evening dinner at Teala's, 3210 West Dallas. The dinner will be from 6:00 p.m. - 8:30 p.m. If you are available to help out please email Dolores Muzzy. We will also have another Associate Super Saturday on the weekend of November 30th - December 2nd. We will be in need again of dinner host for the Saturday evening dinner. It will be at the same time and also at Teala's. If you are not available this weekend but would like to participate on the next Associate Super Saturday please email Dolores Muzzy as well. Thanks for your participation.   <Sep> Subject :  Associate Super Saturday 
Email : View your SAP Inbox directly in Outlook! Introducing the SAP Office Connector! The SAP Office Connector is a piece of software that seamlessly displays your SAP Office folders as Outlook folders. You already have the SAP Office Connector if you have the new SAPGUI 4.6D installed. If you are an SAP user, there are several reasons why you might receive an SAP Office message:  ? You are the agent for an SAP workflow item  ? An error has occurred for which you are the person responsible  ? Someone (or some process) just sent you SAP mail You can launch attached links to SAP transactions directly from Outlook, including workflow tasks! Use of the SAP Office Connector is optional. If you use SAP only to enter your timesheet information, you probably won't get much mail in your SAP Inbox - and so probably won't benefit from using this product. In most cases, it will make sense to use the SAP Office Connector to view your SAP notifications INSTEAD of forwarding them out of SAP to your Enron Internet mail address. If you have configured your SAP Office to forward your mail, you should delete the forwarding when you enable the MAPI Connector. See the attached document for more details on forwarding. NOTE: there are several SAP systems, including Apollo Production (FI) and HR Production. You (may) have a separate set of SAP Office folders in each system. Repeat the setup steps in the attachment for EACH SAP system you want to be displayed as folders in Outlook.   <Sep> Subject :  Introducing the SAP Office Connector! 
Email : Hey Mat,  I would like to talk with you some more about some of the things we talked about the other day on the phone. I hope that you didn't think that I was calling you all this time because there was a problem. I have been calling because I think we had a good time, and you are a great guy. I would love to keep in touch with you and chat. I know things are hard because you are far away ( and I am far away from you! ), but I would like to continue talking with you. I'll try to get ahold of you in the next couple of days. Hope you day is good! Christine:)   <Sep> Subject :  talk 
Email : Hey, bro. We're hitting the Front Porch for Happy Hour tonight if you're interested. The way I figure it, you might as well drink some good beer while you're still employed. PBR is just one credit downgrade away. Later.   <Sep> Subject :  Tonight 
Email : Hey Matt,  So when you have a minute, I would appreciate if you could call me at (403) 974-6721. I'll go grab Pavel right away. Thanks a lot.   <Sep> Subject :  Call me 
Email : Hey Mat! How are ya? Just wondering if you were home yet. Hope your trip out west went well. Hope to talk with you soon! Christine:)   <Sep> Subject :  Hey 
Email : Dear West,  We talked briefly on Monday about our commitment to a full work day at Enron. If you are in the office, then please be prepared to contribute to the group for a full day. Our schedule now calls for critical communication in the afternoons. We need to know that each employee will be here every day to create the consistency needed to outperform the rest of the market. We want to remain as flexible as possible with all traders when it comes to an emergency, but remember that you have a commitment to Enron to contribute a full work day. Please organize your vacation on the west desk calendar with Ina and coordinate any early afternoon departures with Ina and myself. Also, prepare to have your markets covered when you leave the office early. Sincerely,   <Sep> Subject :  Work Hours 
Email : Matt,  You are being contacted on behalf of your business unit, CAO and the iPayit Team. Our records indicate that you have one or more outstanding invoices in your iPayIt inbox waiting to be processed. Please log into iPayit and address these outstanding invoices as soon as possible. Here are some FAQ's that might help you through the process:  Q: What if the invoice is already paid? A: Log into iPayit and Reject the invoice. In the comment section, please state that the invoice needs to be deleted because it has already been paid. Q: What if the invoice does not belong to me? A: If you know who it belongs to, log into iPayit and Forward the invoice to the proper individual who is responsible for coding and approving the invoice. If you don't know who the invoice belongs to, log into iPayit and Reject the invoice. In the comment section, state that the invoice was routed to the wrong person. Q: What if I am waiting on some information on the invoice (such as proper coding) and the invoice is truly pending? A: In iPayit, a Hold button was added to put an invoice on hold if an invoice was being worked on. If you still have any issues or questions with iPayit, please contact me. Thank you,   <Sep> Subject :  ATTN: Outstanding invoice in your iPayit inbox 
Email : Attached is a summary of my notes at the Socal meeting regarding revised window procedures. No hand-outs were provided. Calculation of Receipt Point Capacity Topock  540 mmcf/d Ehrenberg 1250 mmcf/d Needles 800 mmcf/d Wheeler 800 mmcf/d  New Receipt Points Kramer Junction 200 mmcf/d Hector Rd 50 mmcf/d Both will be available around Feb 1  Basis of Pro-Ration-Current Windows Calculation Currently, Gas Control provides total receipt point capacity comprised of demand forecast and injection capability and compares to maximum amount of gas that can enter system. Gas Select prorates interstate's receipt capacity based on prior day's nominations. New Calculation, Changes and Display Based on operational maximum with adjustments for maintenance. SoCal ist aking and applying the current formula for Wheeler Ridge to all the points. Any changes to operational maximum will probably be due to maintenance and posted on Gas Select. Customer will choose which points it wants to reduce receipts. Operating maximums will equal demand forecast plus injections. Demand forecast will rely on Gas Control weather forecast. They use Weather Bank as one of their tools. OFO Declaration Name changes from overnomination Can declare before any Cycle Provide 2 hour notice Post on Gas Select Show OFO Calculation on Gas Select  Windows Reason to set windows was to set limits to prevent too much gas from coming into system Calculation based on noms which does not work well. Lots of complaints. People were complaining that it restricted access to the system. Eliminating point specific calculation. Open system to Max Oper. Limits or Contractual Limits. Will continue to operate Wheeler Ridge under Aug 1 procedures. No changes to Wheeler Ridge. Due to the need to maintain operational control, an OFO will be declared when scheduled volumes are greater than the max operating capacity on any cycle. Replace windows with operational maximum volumes. If  CPUC approves comprehensive settlement, will post 5 days of information to anticipate OFO's Now customers will elect which point they will back off instead of using windows. Scheduling Changes-Nov 1 Gas Select is being rebuilt and will be an internet system in mid-2002 . No direct dial-up. Rollover noms-noms will be copied from cycle to cycle Copy confirmed noms All noms will be rolled over-will not be at discretion of 3rd party. However, can still make  changes. Can still upload new files. 2 Hour Notice Socal will provide 2 hour notice on  Gas Select of OFO. Other methods include leaving message on Socal Hotline (213-244-3900) and list of e-mail messages that can go directly to pagers. Gas Select is official notification. Courtesy notification is hot line and e mail. Gas Select is a subscriber- based system mandated by CPUC and must get regulatory change to make free. OFO's are going to be system wide and not customer specific. OFO's can be declared intraday. Once OFO declared, it will be kept for entire day. Concerned that if call off, will have to put back on. Don't want to go back and forth. This decision may be reconsidered once they see how it works. Many times Socal see an increase of 200 mmcf/day between Cycle 3 and 4 so they are concerned. Scheduled vs. Capacity-Declare OFO Nominations may not exceed 110% of expected usage. Expected Usage is defined as usage for the same day for the prior week. Can revise expected usage. No interruptible storage injections allowed during OFO. Use Elapsed Pro-Rata Rules Expected Usage-cut nominations to 110% of expected usage so will use same day  of the prior week as proxy. Generators need to revise expected usage. Acceptance of changes are at the discretion of SoCal. Flow Day Diversions don't go into effect until after Cycle 4. Gas Control will determine if flow day diversion will be allowed. If call OFO after cycle 3 or 4 and have interruptible storage injections, such storage will be prorationed back under the elapsed prorata rules. Many people were concerned that interruptible storage will be severely compromised. If OFO called , Interruptible Storage could be cut under the elapsed prorata rules as follows:  Cycle 1    Nom 1000  ; 0 cut Cycle 2 Nom 1000; 666 cut Cylce 3 Nom 1000; 500 cut Windows will only be implemented during cycle 4 if OFO callled after cycle 3 and no improvement is realized. Will allocate prorata. Will use latest scheduled volume and will pro rate by receipt point. In other words, if OFO declared during Cycle 1 and no relief after 3 cycles, Socal will window Cycle 4 and prorata cut. Parties will determine what gets cut on all the other cycles. For penalty purposes, actual burn from 12 o'clock to 12 o'clock will be used to calculate penalties or MAXDQ if not metered. For OFO, assume supply delivereis day before and burn is the same day for the prior week. Declare OFO on prior day's scheduled volume. For an evening declaration-will use most recent available scheduled volumes. For example:           Flow Day 10/4                10/3 Scheduled Volumes Cycle 1                                    Cycle 2 Cycle 2                                     Intraday 1 Cycle 3    evening cyle 2 on 10/4 Cycle 4                                     Intraday 1 on 10/4  In other words, will look at evening cycle 2 <Sep> Subject :  Socal Window Meeting 
Email : Hey Matteo,  How's everything goin? SO, I am so pumped about Utah. I talked with my  friend Jeff and he told me so much more about Park City, skiing there, where  to go, the night life and the Sundance Festival. He is going to write up a  bunch of stuff for us and would like to meet up with us for a day or two as  well. We are planning on Martin Luther King weekend still?? I was thinking that maybe Brad and Heather might like to go as well. Sent  out the invite to a few people, will know more by the end of the week. I  say let's get the tickets and start planning. Once I get the specifics on  ski places from Jeff, I'll have a better idea of where would be the best  place to crash. By then maybe we will have a few more people commited and  can make a decision. Sweet! Also, last night I brought up the idea (to Duncan) of going to Australia in  February for a few weeks. I know that you and Jeff have been thinking about  it. Just thought I would let you know that we are too. So, how did your weekend go with the chica???? love, k   <Sep> Subject :  trips, chixs and other fancy things 
Email : Hey Mat! How have you been? I have been trying to call you to chat, but can't get through to you. Is everything ok? I wasn't sure exactly when you were going to Portland, so maybe you are there now. If you don't want me to call, please let me know. I hope all is well. Please write me and let me know what's up! Christine:)   <Sep> Subject :  Where are you? 
Email : Though many of you already know, today is my last day here at Enron. I am leaving to pursue my culinary interests full time and have accepted a baking/pastry apprenticeship with the Deer Valley Resort in Park City, Utah for the winter season. I am happy to have spent the past 3 years working with such a fun and intelligent group of people. I sincerely wish all of you the best in your future endeavors. Please don't hesitate to look me up if you are in the Park City area, vacation planning, or considering some radical career change like this...ha. It would be great to see old friends up there. Forwarding info is below:   <Sep> Subject :  Park City Bound 
Email : Here is the information that you guys had asked about last week when we discussed WSCC coal. I added the railroads to the map and pulled some numbers for utilization and O&M costs for each of the plants we discussed. If you have any other questions let me know. Aaron Martinsen   <Sep> Subject :  Western Coal 
Email : Thank you for shopping at Abestkitchen.com! Order Number 14171  Comments / More Information:  Comments / Gift Card Text (Limit 200 Characters): Congratulations, Pete and Christy. We forever expect to be welcomed in your home with cold liquids and frosty glasses. Qty  Name                                  SKU           Price Sub Total   <Sep> Subject :  Your Receipt - Abestkitchen.com 
Email : As per our discussion, I have done the following to fix the issues with Questar data:  -  dumped data from 02/04/2001 -> present, for all cycles -  fixed the transform component to pull the proper column for utilized capacity and also to assign the correct effective date for each value -  re-transformed and re-loaded ALL cycle 5 data (from the *htm files we have)  Now, in loading the 86 or so days back into the DB, approx. 3603 PRIMARY KEY violations were logged...this means that they are duplicating point data within the same day, same cycle, etc. If this data could be examined more closely in the reports that are subsequently generated, we can make sure that things are truly copacetic from our side (a "surface" scan of the *.htm files shows that they are indeed duplicating points, usually with different names...the utilized capacity associated with these points is the same though, so this doesn't appear to be a big issue, except for the fact that we will continue to have primary key violations being logged). As always, any questions, just ask. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Questar 
Email : Thank you for making your travel plans with Travelocity.com. We have issued your ticket for the following reservation. We suggest that you save this notification for reference should you need to contact us concerning your tickets. TRIP ID:718790826665  The Federal Aviation Administration now requires that you have a photo ID and a printed passenger receipt or paper ticket for travel. Your electronic ticket receipt is available online. To access your receipt:  *  Go to Travelocity at www.travelocity.com *  Click My Stuff *  Log in to your account *  Select your trip *  Click the "view/print receipt" button *  Print this receipt and take it with you to the airport  If you do not have your electronic ticket receipt, you will be directed to the ticket counter for check-in. Plan to arrive at the airport at least 2 hours prior to departure. The following increases in security measures should also be expected:  *  No Curbside check-in for baggage *  No parking or waiting at curbs *  Only ticketed passengers will be allowed past security    checkpoints *  All carry-on baggage will be subject to search *  No knives of any kind will be allowed on airplanes  If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us via email at memberservices@travelocity.com ; be sure to reference your Trip ID. We will respond to your email within 24 hours. Alternately, you may call Travelocity.com Customer Service at 888-709-5983 with your Trip ID available. We are open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. We strongly recommend that you check your reservations in "My Stuff" on Travelocity.com within 48 hours of departure for any last-minute changes. You should also reconfirm your flights by calling the airline at least 24 hours prior to travel (48 hours for international flights). Thank you again for your business.   <Sep> Subject :  Travelocity.com TICKETING CONFIRMATION 
Email : Thank you for making your travel plans with Travelocity.com. We have issued your ticket for the following reservation. We suggest that you save this notification for reference should you need to contact us concerning your tickets. TRIP ID:727484718985  The Federal Aviation Administration now requires that you have a photo ID and a printed passenger receipt or paper ticket for travel. Your electronic ticket receipt is available online. To access your receipt:  *  Go to Travelocity at www.travelocity.com *  Click My Stuff *  Log in to your account *  Select your trip *  Click the "view/print receipt" button *  Print this receipt and take it with you to the airport  If you do not have your electronic ticket receipt, you will be directed to the ticket counter for check-in. Plan to arrive at the airport at least 2 hours prior to departure. The following increases in security measures should also be expected:  *  No Curbside check-in for baggage *  No parking or waiting at curbs *  Only ticketed passengers will be allowed past security    checkpoints *  All carry-on baggage will be subject to search *  No knives of any kind will be allowed on airplanes  If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us via email at memberservices@travelocity.com ; be sure to reference your Trip ID. We will respond to your email within 24 hours. Alternately, you may call Travelocity.com Customer Service at 888-709-5983 with your Trip ID available. We are open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. We strongly recommend that you check your reservations in "My Stuff" on Travelocity.com within 48 hours of departure for any last-minute changes. You should also reconfirm your flights by calling the airline at least 24 hours prior to travel (48 hours for international flights). Thank you again for your business.   <Sep> Subject :  Travelocity.com TICKETING CONFIRMATION 
Email : Your new cash books are being set up ASAP. They tell me they will be ready no later than tomorrow. Once those are set-up, Stephanie Sever will email you your new EOL id's. Kam   <Sep> Subject :  new books 
Email : Can you please set up an EOL id for Matt Smith. His book names are ENA-FT-WC-SOCAL in tagg and ENA-IM-WC-SOCAL in sitara. Please forward to Matt and myself once that is ready. Thanks   <Sep> Subject :  new EOL id 
Email : Get Connected with e-Statements. Sign up for Electronic Statements from Enron Federal Credit Union by November 15 to be entered into a contest to win a Palm Vx! Log on to www.enronfcu.com to apply or for more information.   <Sep> Subject :  EFCU Gets You Connected 
Email : Thank you for making your travel plans with Travelocity.com. We have issued your ticket for the following reservation. We suggest that you save this notification for reference should you need to contact us concerning your tickets. TRIP ID:728876728878  You have been issued paper tickets. You will receive your tickets via FedEx at the following address:   <Sep> Subject :  Travelocity.com TICKETING CONFIRMATION 
Email : We will hold off transferring any physical positions desk to desk until the end of bidweek. After NX1, we will transfer positions at a daily EOL Index mid price. Please monitor my book and others to make certain DEC deals are not being transferred prior to NX1 at an IF monthly or GD daily mid price. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  DEC physical 
Email : You have signed the last beam....  Now  watch it rise. Enron employees are invited to celebrate the  Topping-Out of Enron Center South  this afternoon at Antioch Park  3:45 pm - 4:30 pm. In celebration of Arbor Day, tree saplings will be  handed out to all participants. In the event of rain, the Topping-Out Celebration will air on IPTV Wednesday and  the tree saplings will be distributed in the plaza today at 4:00 pm   <Sep> Subject :  Topping-Out Ceremony Today 
Email : I have added a cycle '0' to all pipelines in the database...per our discussion, this cycle will be used only in an 'emergency' type situation (we didn't scrape any data (for whatever reason), and there is some available that can be manually entered). By being '0', this also shouldn't affect the logic of Yan's reports, since he pulls the latest cycle available (read the largest number; if ANY scraped data gets in the DB, it will be returned in place of any cycle 0 data). Any questions, feel free to ask...  Chris   <Sep> Subject :  Cycle 0 For All Pipeliines 
Email : Matt, I think I cracked the query to give a counterparty based position of the SoCal product you requested. Can you (or Mike) varify the following numbers (COB 04/27/2001) ? I was unable at this point to net the volumes in one sweep .....   <Sep> Subject :  US Gas Phy       EPNG SoCal Topk         28-30Apr01      USD/MM 
Email : Read about how PGE is making methane out of manure in this issue of eBiz. Also in this issue: Enron's first quarter earnings overview Online energy trading will reach $3.6 trillion by 2005 Tom White becomes U.S. Secretary of the Army A U.K. offshore wind farm The PGE sale terminates How a fuel cell works A little bit of poetry  It's all in the latest eBiz. Go to home.enron.com, click Publications, then click eBiz, and "eBiz April 27, 2001."   <Sep> Subject :  "Take This Job and Shovel It" 
Email : Hello...since I was working to reload some cycle 13 data for Northwest today, it seemed like a good a time as any to take care of these few foreign key violations as well. These 4 points are reported on the Northwest site, but do not appear in our PIPELINE_LOCATION table as of yet (hence the foreign key violation):  458 OWYHEE COMPRESSOR 611 NORTH DOUGLAS RECEIPT (2001) 608 NOVELTY HILL M/S 612 FOUNDATION CREEK PLANT (2001)  If we can get these matched to their IHS DRN counterparts, that would be great. If not, we can make up the IHS number as we have in the past. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Northwest Foreign Key Problems 
Email : Guys,  Some of you have noticed that on many of today's reports, we are able to see flow value for a meter for 5/1/2000, but the MDT column showed "na" on the daily report. "na" is also shown on the historical report for the average of May. It is very easy to get confused (at least I was in the beginnieng, even  though I wrote the program myself) when you see things like this, you may ask why isn't the average the value shown for today since there is  only one day's data? The answer is that they are from different cycles. Coding used the business logic that grab the flow value from the latest successful cycle,  while always use the last cycle when deal with average. At the time of report generation if the last cycle is not available, this will happen. Fortunately this only happens on the first day of each month. Please explain this to those who may raise this question when they see this "discrepancy". Yan   <Sep> Subject :  Monthly Avg and MDT Avg on 1st day of each month 
Email : Please send me an e-mail with a list of accomplishments for January-April. This will help all of us prepare for the mid-year reviews. I would like an update at the beginning of each month. On the list Include projects that you have completed and all the projects that you are currently working on. I will compare your input with a list that I maintain. Chris   <Sep> Subject :  Projects/accomplishments 
Email : Jeanne,  Per our conversation, I am requesting a check for the remaining dollar value  from the relocation credit card provided to me. The name as it appears on  the card is Matthew Smith. My new address is:  2345 Bering Dr., Apt. 514,  Houston, TX 77057. It would be great to have the check by the end of the  week. Thanks you.   <Sep> Subject :  Relocation check 
Email : Ina,  I need to be able to pull price curves from the Oracle database. Can you  please see to it that I get the proper access tomorrow. This is required for  a special project for Phillip, so it is high priority. Let me know if you  need any further clarification of what I need, but I think IT should know. Thank you.   <Sep> Subject :  Computer access 
Email : Phillip,  I'm building a sheet for each person specifically for financial hedging. Each day it will pull in the previous days position and previous day price  curve to calculate the mark to market. Then that day's transactions can be  entered to calculate the P & L of transactions which close out previous  positions, as well as to calculate the new open positions. Initially, I  thought that daily P&L could be calculated by simply adjusting the P&L  whenever a transaction was made by the difference between the bid/offer of  the closed out position by the offer/bid of the new position (of course time  value and storage costs would be included). However, this only works if the  person is 100% hedged, meaning they do not have any open positions which  require marking. As the seller of synthetic storage utilizing 100% hedging,  I should be able to do this, except for the fact that I will have size limits  on transactions that will probably leave me open here and there. The main question I have is simply, "Should I be calculating the P&L for each  person's storage book for open and closed positions?" Then beyond that, if  we do calculate the P&L's from the buyer side, it seems that if their storage  is not hedged, I will have to develop the market value of the storage in the  ground and the remaining capacity to mark to market it. So, I guess I could  apply the model for that purpose. Does this make sense to you? Any comments  are appreciated. Thanks. Mat   <Sep> Subject :  Synthetic Storage 
Email : Marlo,  As discussed, I am forwarding to you two spreadsheets with the requested  information. Each spreadsheets are identified by month. Within each  spreadsheet are a number of tabs. Based on the customers you mentioned on  the phone, I believe you need only to use the "OCCMarkets" tab. Customers  are along the horizontal with dates on the vertical. For each customer,  several columns are used to identify the gas supplied to the customer from  each location. Please call if you have any further questions. Mat   <Sep> Subject :  SOCAL Daily Flow 
Email : Hey buddy, what's happening? Not much up here these days. I took last week  off and Phillip is out this week, so I don't have much to do. I'm pretty  much done scheduling and I start next week in Gaskill's group. Anyway, you were going to send me the names of those guys in London we talked  to about the synthetic storage, and if you did, I lost them. Regardless, any  chance of digging them up for me? I may want to talk to them about their bid  process. I think Phillip is ok with going ahead with the idea, but I think I  need to keep the ball rolling here with or without him. Mat   <Sep> Subject :  storage 
Email : Matt,  Hey, thanks for returning my call. As you're probably out from work, I'll  try you again when I get in tomorrow (thursday). I basically just wanted to  touch base again since Ken has now moved on and left me with our synthetic  storage project. I'm also looking for a legal and EOL contact to help us  develop a contract and run the bid process through EOL. You may have  provided these to Ken, but I can't get in touch with him. Thanks again.   <Sep> Subject :  Enbank 
Email : Chris,  I met with Phillip yesterday, and he had a few more items to add to his list  of objectives for me. For your information, the attached table provides the  additional items. Please let me know if you have any questions/comments. Also, the following e-mail from Mike Grigsby relates to the Socal sendout  model objective. Also for your information, I will be running Randy Gay's  EOL product (Keystone Cash) next week and will be covering for Tori K during  her maternity leave. I don't expect these activities to interfere with my  fundy responsibilities. Mat   <Sep> Subject :  Fundy's Objectives 
Email : Chris,  This spread sheet contains the new WIC meters, as discussed. I also  discovered that there are about 200 meters we current get manually for CIG  that also need to be added to the database. They are included in the  attached file on separate sheets. Meters already existing in the database  are not included for either pipe. Can you please dump these into the  database and set up additional sheets in the Socal manual entry spreadsheet  for these meters. Let me know if you have any questions. Thanks. Mat   <Sep> Subject :  WIC Meters 
Email : Amanda,  Can you please add this link to the fundy website under the Power tab. It  should be called "Proposed Gas Generation Plants". Thanks. Mat   <Sep> Subject :  Proposed generation 
Email : Amanda,  Please move the file i sent you from the Testing tab to the West directory  under the Pipeline tab. I have updated it in the Testing tab so discard the  version i emailed. Thanks. Mat   <Sep> Subject :  web file 
Email : Dipak,  As you requested, here are the West Desk's forecasts for California Reciepts  minus instate production by month. They are broken down into delivery points  onto Socal and PGE's system. Please let me know if you have any questions. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  California Reciepts 
Email : Amanda,  Yes, it appears that the link you set up works properly, however, I have a  slight change. Please modify the title to read "WSCC Plant Outages  (portlant)". Also add the WSCC to the description. In addition, please add  an additional link under the Power tab called, "Cal Plant Outages (Cal ISO)",  with a description of "Daily plant outages posted on the web by the  California ISO." The file will be called "ISO curtailments.xls". Thanks. Mat   <Sep> Subject :  website link 
Email : Chris,  Here are the additional manual entry meters. Those highlighted in blue  should already be in the database, while green highlighting designates new  records. Those without web DRN numbers need Enron designations which I will  leave up to you. Let me know if you have any questions. Mat   <Sep> Subject :  manual entry meters 
Email : Yan,  Just wanted to let you know I split the West_2 report into two reports as we  discussed. The other report is called West_3. Also, the CIG/WIC report  should be added to your webpage, but it's not ready yet. Thanks. Mat   <Sep> Subject :  report 
Email : The happy hour tonight is at the Timbewolf near Bissonnet and Kirby. It says  6 pm, but whatever. I'll probably go then. If you guys aren't ready, maybe  I'll go and check it out before you guys make the trip. Mat   <Sep> Subject :  happy hour 
Email : David,  Here's the information for the Portland database:  Machine name:  napdx-sql1 user id:  gasintranet password:  fundamentals  The Access database I created is located at:  O:\\fundy_ops\west  desk\generation database\power_link_database.mdb  The qry_curtailments is the query i'm currently using (although it only has  fields for today and yesterday, and i think i need more). The tables for the  query are dbo_LkpOUT_PlantCharacteristics and dbo_LkpOUT_PlantOutage. In general, I think I need two tables. One needs to show each plant and the  other needs to summarize the outages by region and fuel type (both in the  Plant table). I don't really have a query that prepares the data for the  summary table. the other two queries in the Access database are a start. The attached Excel file has two sheets with what I would ideally like the  report to look like. It might be good to group the first table by region and  then fuel type as well. When you have a chance to look this stuff over, I'd  be happy to discuss it further. Thanks. Mat   <Sep> Subject :  Portland Database 
Email : Philip,  I'm sorry this took so long, I thought I sent it ealier, but apparently not. Let me know if you need anything else. Mat   <Sep> Subject :  curvefetch 
Email : Angela,  Here are some more historicals for socal (I didn't realize we had these  additional years). They are in ADDITION to those already loaded. Thanks. Mat   <Sep> Subject :  socal hist 
Email : Angela,  As discussed, the following file contains hisoricals for PGE. Chris should  have deleted data in the database from the middle of March back so you can  import anytime. This data goes up to 2/6/01 and Chris will reload from  2/7/01 to present. Thanks. Mat   <Sep> Subject :  PGE Historicals 
Email : Jeanie,   I have a friend who is interested in an HR position with Enron. She spoke of  a rotational program for HR that I am not familiar with. Do you know  anything about the program, or who I might forward her resume to for an HR  related position in general. She has a few years of experience with a  smaller firm, and I think she's looking for a company with a more established  HR department like Enron. Also, do you have knowledge of specific positions  we are trying to fill in ENA? Any info would be helpful. Thanks. Mat   <Sep> Subject :  HR Position 
Email : Phillip,  Here's a copy of the spreadsheet we gave to Bill Bradford. Our exposure  on  the financial deals increased relative to the february spreadsheet from $45  mil to $71. Also, we have one physical deal (next winter), which is not  physical storage, that is marked at $12 mil. The spreadsheet shows five  synthetic storage deals with PGE Energy Trading that may have the wrong  counterparty in our system. I'm at the office and will be here through the  meeting. My cell number is 832-444-7702 if you have any questions. Mat   <Sep> Subject :  PGE Deals 
Email : Mike,  Sorry I missed you guys Friday night. I made back from a golf outing around  9 pm, but you guys must have already left the Front Porch. Anyway,  I was  out the other night and met some Dynegy talent that were interested in an  Enron Analyst/Associate and Dynegy Pace Program happy hour. What do you  think about the prospectsof a combined happy hour. They have a group that  goes out on the third Thursday of every month, which would be this Thursday. Mat   <Sep> Subject :  Happy Hour 
Email : Yan,  The merged reports look great. I believe the only orientation changes are to  "unmerge" the following six reports:    31 Keystone Receipts 15 Questar Pipeline 40 Rockies Production 22 West_2 23 West_3 25 CIG_WIC  The orientation of the individual reports should be correct. Thanks. Mat  PS. Just a reminder to add the "*" by the title of calculated points.   <Sep> Subject :  Report Formats 
Email : Angela,  It's me, your favorite coworker! Attached is, yet again, an Access file with  a table of historicals for clay basin (Questar pipeline). Before they can be  loaded, however, a new location needs to be added with DRN:  EBBCLAYHIST  Please make up an IHS id and the title should read, "Clay Basin Inj and W/D  Historicals Only"  Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  clay historicals 
Email : Steve,  Hey, what's up my friend? I hear that business is well in Puerto Rico  (although that was quite awhile ago so who knows). I'm assuming that you  are, indeed, still there. I can't believe that I've just finished my fifth  month with Enron. It's been great, though. Everything is new so I'm  learning a ton. Working on a trading floor is quite a different environment  than Pirnie. My desk is so small it reminds of Puerto Rico, although there  are no bomb threats, the bell does not sound at lunch,  and the number of  holidays does not exceed the number of work days in the year. I've recently  been accepted into a subprogram of the program I'm in to become a trader, so  my next year is pretty much planned and eventually I'll start trading. Anyway... I was just thinking the other day that I miss my trips to the  island (especially my accomodations at the Excelsior), and I can't help  feeling a little shorted that I didn't get a follow-up event of the Reggae  tour or diving trip. So I was wondering if maybe I should come down some  weekend and make it right., you know put all of the planets back in  alignment. So I was wondering if you might be able to put me up for a  weekend and maybe do some diving or something. If not, then no big deal,  there's about zillion places I'd like to visit in the next few months. Just  drop me a note sometime and let me know what you think. Please say hello to Pat, Joanne and Juan Carlos for me. By the way, it was  bittersweet to hear Barry left soon after I did. Had he done so sooner, I  would have taken his spot! Anyway, wish everyone well and I'm curious to  hear what's happening on the island these days. Take care,  Mat   <Sep> Subject :  Hola 
Email : Louis,  When I started July 31st, you arranged parking for me in the Regency garage  until the time that a spot opened up to get on an Enron contract (I am not  currently). I haven't heard anything, and I know some people that have  obtained Enron parking. I signed my name to a list that you circulated at  orientation. Is there something further that I need to do? Mathew Smith 3-0472   <Sep> Subject :  Parking contract 
Email : Chris and I would like to take this opportunity to update everyone on what = has been happening on the floor(s) during the last couple of weeks and what=  is likely to transpire in the weeks to come. I'd like to begin by apologi= zing for the lack of broad e-mail communications or floor meetings over the=  last couple of weeks. These have been very hard times and I know that peo= ple have wanted information. It has taken us nearly a week to sort through=  who will be part of the UBS Warburg team and who continue with Enron. =20  In this e-mail I will explain: (1) who will be going to UBS Warburg, (2) wh= o do the people working for Enron work for and what are they expected to do= , (3) how will the physical separation between Enron and UBS Warburg happen= , and (4) when will the sale of Netco to UBS Warburg be completed. In addi= tion to Chris Calger and me, the following Portland-based employees have ac= cepted positions with UBS Warburg:  Last Name=09First Name=09Last Name=09First Name=09 Amador=09Susan=09Oh=09John=09 Anderson=09John=09Platter=09M=09 Bulbes=09Victor=09Postlethwaite=09John=09 Chang=09Fang-Tzu=09Richter=09Jeffrey=09 Chatterton=09Jill=09Robinson=09Donald=09 Crandall=09Sean=09Salisbury=09Holden=09 Cutsforth=09Diane=09Scholtes=09Diana=09 Dasovich=09Jeff=09Semperger=09Cara=09 Davidson=09Debra=09Sheidun=09Donna=09 Dean=09Craig=09Shields=09Jeffrey=09 Dunton=09Heather=09Slinger=09Ryan=09 Etringer=09Michael=09Solberg=09Geir=09 Gilbert=09Michael "Scotty"=09Steiner=09David=09 Gustafson=09Mollie=09Stokley=09Marlin "Chris"=09 Hall=09Stephen=09Swain=09Stephen=09 Heizenrader=09Timothy=09Swerzbin=09Michael=09 Kandaswamy=09Balachandar=09Thomas=09Jacob=09 Lackey=09Christopher=09Thome=09Stephen=09 Lee=09Eugene=09Van Houten=09Maria=09 Mallory=09Patrick "Chris"=09Villeggiante=09Theresa=09 McDonald=09Michael=09Wente=09Laura=09 Meyer=09James=09Williams=09William J=09 Meyers=09Albert=09Woodland=09Andrea=09 Mier=09Michael=09Yoder=09Christian=09 Nelson=09Kourtney=09=09=09  While there are a few people who are still making up their minds, the rest = of the people in our office will be working for the Enron estate. It is no= t entirely clear to me right now what the management team for west power lo= oks like for the Enron estate now. As I understand it, there are two prima= ry initiatives on the estate side that people in Portland may be a part of.=   The first is the disposition of our development projects that are already=  well under way. Dave Parquet in San Francisco has been leading this effor= t together with the Portland asset development team. This effort has been = ongoing since December. The second is the disposition of our west power co= mmodity positions. Jim Fallon is in charge of this for the entire company.=   People working on this for Jim include Don Miller, Paul Racicot, Brad Ric= hter, Ed Baughman among others. I have placed a call to Jim and to Paul to=  get advice on how people in Portland should proceed. I would recommend ta= lking to Ed, Brad, Paul, or Don to get direction. I have placed a call to = several of these people to get direction and am waiting for a response. I = am hopeful that they will designate a lead person in Portland to coordinate=  the power procurement and delivery efforts. As most of you know, the physical separation between UBS Warburg and Enron = has already begun. People who will continue to work for Enron will be loca= ted on the 4th Floor, while UBS Warburg will occoupy the 3rd Floor. We hop= e to make the moves to the 4th Floor by the end of this week. Moves within=  the 3rd Floor will take place the following week. The UBS Warburg transaction is subject to one last pro forma regulatory hur= dle. While I don't have an exact date, I am told that it will likely be on=  or about February 6th. Finally, I want to once again thank everyone for their help and cooperation=  over the last few weeks. These have been really horrible times as the Enr= on story continues to unfold in the news at the same time that people are f= inding out about their future with Enron and UBS. I know that this hasn't = been easy for anyone. I am deeply saddened overseeing the breakup of the a= wesome team that we have put together. Whether you are going to UBS, remai= ning with Enron, or leaving the company, I wish everyone who worked on this=  team the best in their future endeavors. It has been a distinct honor to = work with each and every one of you. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Office Update 
Email : Group,  There is a new binder for EPE hourly deals for 2002. The deal sheets MUST be kept in this binder. We are currently missing the deal sheet for 12/30/01 to 01/01/02. Please be on the lookout for this sheet or sheets. Those who were on shift for that period will need to coordinate what deals were done and will need to reconstruct a sheet. These sheets are currently a main source of information on EPE for settlements. The deal sheets should be clear, concise, and should have information such as energy type, delivery point, who you spoke with and at what time. I will be sending another email regarding EPE procedure and model updates for 2002. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  EPE Hourly Deals 2002 
Email : Group, Enron is attempting to reconcile the daily activities of each counterparty with us. This includes when each counterparty cut us, and schedules that were moved. To facilitate these efforts please put all cuts and scheduling sheets in the accordion file on the RT overflow desk (where Kate used to sit). Also, stay tuned for new information on EPE. Apparently the information communicated by Tony was not completely correct. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Tracking Cuts 
Email : **Per Tony at EPE, the following is new for 2002. I will attempt to get more information and pass it on as I receive it. **  First, TNP now has a 75 MW call on EPE. The schedule you see on the unit commitment was called in by PNM on behalf of TNP. Lets keep checking TNP schedules real-time to minimize inadverdant on this sale. Second, SPS exchange now is 130 MW light load, SPS provides EPE 130 MW at the Eddy tie and EPE returns the power 100 MW at PV and 30 at FC. Again, this schedule will have to be verified real time with SPS/PSCO. **The TNP schedule is verified with PNM and is delivered at Hidalgo. 25 is firm just like the last two years, 50 is econ. and can be varied by PNM each hour. **  Please ask if you have any questions. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  New EPE procedures. 
Email : Group, We have had some problems recently with the creation of HA finals, with SQL errors, and as a result we have not been able to run reports. If it is a weekend (or holiday), we first need to import DA finals and then create DA finals in CAPS. After this is done we can import HA finals, and create the HA report. If the boxes are not checked, the CISO may have missed publishing certain hours. Please look in the load zones to find what hour-ahead finals may not have been published, or where CAPS may have just missed pulling them in. Sometimes it helps to pull the missing hour-ahead finals in individually. Once all the finals are in the load zones and int. interchanges, you should be able to create the final report. Please give me a call if you have any questions. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  DA and HA finals 
Email : We have reached resolution regarding the parking and mass transit issue. Until notified otherwise, the parking and mass transit subsidy will continue as an employee benefit. For those who have a payroll parking deduction, your deduction has been stopped. No deduction should occur on 12/31/01 payroll. In addition, you should receive a credit for the deduction taken for the 12/15 payroll. For those who incurred any out-of-pocket parking costs during the month of December, you may expense up to $89 for reimbursement. Beginning 1/1/02, parking and mass transit will continue as follows:  WTC Parking:  You should receive your parking pass in the mail. Payroll deductions will begin on the 1/15/02 paycheck. (No Action Req'd)  Outside Parking Lots:  Park at lot of your choice and pay out of pocket. Request reimbursement of up to $89 per month. (No payroll parking deduction will occur)  Tri-Met and MAX employees:  Passes are available for January. If you would like to pick up your pass, please see Debra Davidson. NOTE:  Extra Tri-Met passes are available. If you would like to select mass transit as your parking option, please notify either Grace or myself before Friday, 12/21/01 EOB and we will insure a monthly pass is available. Validations:  We will no longer validate parking passes, however, you are able to reimburse up to $89 per month for daily parking. If you have any questions, please let us know! ENA Human Resources Julie Kearney 503) 464-7404  Grace Rodriguez 503) 464-8321   <Sep> Subject :  Parking & Mass Transit Resolution 
Email : Friends and Co-Workers:  You are hereby cordially invited to a pre-holiday office lunch this Thursday at approximately 11:30 a.m, courtesy of the Trading Attorneys. LEGAL NOTICE:  Christian Yoder and Steve Hall (hereinafter "we" or "our" or "us" ) intend to pay for the food (which will probably, but not necessarily, be pizza and salad) with post-petition Chapter 11 salary dollars that have already cleared our respective individual bank accounts and, therefore, by joining us in the meal ("Lunch") you will not be exposed to any retroactive claw-back risk by way of the Cash Account Committee. We are also investigating the possibility of providing a limited quantity of a certain kind of beverage ("Beer") under a provisional waiver of the defunct pre-petition Company's drinking policies, subject to approval by the Estate's Liquor Control Board which is being sought on an expedited basis. We feel like making this modest holiday gesture for several reasons:   1. It has been a pleasure working with you all during the past year. 2. We are optimistic about this office's prospects in the upcoming year. 3. American Express forgot to cancel our Corporate Cards. We hope you will join us for a free lunch as we look forward to a prosperous New Year. Christian and Steve   <Sep> Subject :  Lunch on Thursday 
Email : GUYS:  PLEASE SEE THE NEW SCHEDULE FOR JANUARY. PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS SCHEDULE IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE (ie. A CHANGE IN WHAT WE ARE ACTUALLY DOING EVERY DAY). THANKS,  BERT MEYERS   <Sep> Subject :  JANUARY SCHEDULE 
Email : Hei Geir! Vi ?nsker dere en riktig GOD JUL og et GODT NYTT?R! H?per det st?r bra til med dere. Hvordan g?r det forresten med jobben - ? Vi har jo f?tt med oss litt i nyhetene om Enron....  Vi h?per at dere snart kommer til Norge igjen, og at vi kan f? sjansen til ? treffes - enten i Sande eller p? Stovner hos Bj?rn. Som du sikkert har h?rt har jo pappa g?tt bort, og det har v?rt en del ? ordne av praktiske ting i denne forbindelsen, men ellers baker og steller vi til jul s? godt vi kan.....  Kristin kommer til Norge til fredag, h?rte jeg av faren din i g?r, og de pr?ver ? f? tatt en tur utover til oss i l?pet av den helgen, slik at vi kan f? ?nsket hverandre god jul. Det gleder vi oss til! Det er alt for sjelden vi treffes. Hils til Crystal, Henriette skulle gjerne snakket litt engelsk med henne igjen.....   <Sep> Subject :  GOD JUL! 
Email : You have many questions about how the bankruptcy will affect you personally. The HR team is endeavoring to answer these questions. Due to simple logistics, answering each question individually is very difficult. We are working to solve this issue by compiling answers to the important questions concerning employee benefits, expense payments and so on. Answers to the most frequently-asked questions will be posted on the corporate website at www.enron.com. Click on Information for Enron Alumni Affected by Chapter 11 Filing </corp/alumni/> . These Q&A Facts are regularly updated as soon as accurate and factual information is received. In addition, we will have updates on 1-800-97-ENRON. (Option 9)    If you have questions that have not been answered, please submit them to the following email address:  questions@enron.com  A team of people will be answering these questions and posting answers on the above sites as soon as possible. The HR team will also be posting initial Q&A's within the next few days on www.home.enron.com for our current, retained employees. Thank you for your patience as we work through the complexities of the situation. Julie Kearney 503) 464-7404 julie.kearney@enron.com   <Sep> Subject :  Q&A Process 
Email : =09 =09    Dear Geir,  Some of the star witnesses in the Enron collapse wi= ll appear Thursday at a hearing on Capitol Hill. The question remains: Will=  they have anything to say? The witness list includes former Enron Chief E= xecutive Officer Jeff Skilling and former Chief Financial Officer Andrew Fa= stow. Washington Bureau Chief Peter Cook says Fastow is expected to invoke=  his constitutional privilege not to speak, but Skilling has indicated he'l= l talk. We'll have live reports covering the hearing from our Washington b= ureau on Thursday. Homeland Security Director Tom Ridge is expected to = speak in front of the National Press Club on Thursday. We'll bring you all=  the details on Ridge's speech from the Washington bureau on Thursday. To= morrow in Houston, the Ziff Energy Group is hosting the North American Gas = Storage Conference. Plans for hundreds of new gas-fired power plants have = been cancelled recently, resulting in record levels of gas in storage. The=  Houston bureau will bring us coverage of the Conference and we'll hear how=  company executives are dealing with too much gas in storage. Also from H= ouston on Thursday, Petrobras President Renato Bertani talks about problems=  his company is having with the development of offshore reserves in Brazil.=   He says Brazil doesn't have access to developing technologies that allow = for deep-water exploration. Shell WindEnergy is acquiring the Llano Estac= ado Wind Ranch located near White Deer, Texas. During the 1:00 p.m. ET new= scast, Industrial Information Resources Production Industry Power Manager B= ritt Burt will join us in Houston to discuss the acquisition of Shell's sec= ond wind farm. ENL's Kym McNicholas will have more from California Senato= r Joe Dunn, Chair of the Senate Committee investigating price manipulation = in the state's wholesale energy market, regarding Enron's refusal to comply=  with a subpoena to attend a deposition Wednesday. Dunn will discuss the c= ommittee's next steps on Thursday. Also on Thursday, Raymond James & Asso= ciates Analyst Jon Cartwright will speak with Kym from St. Petersburg, Flor= ida. At 3:00 p.m. ET, he'll discuss Calpine and the market reaction to new= s of an SEC request for information concerning selective disclosure. Clo= sing Prices for Wednesday, Feb. 6, 2002    Crude: $19.78/bbl -$0.29   Unlea= ded: $0.5710/gallon -$0.0142   Heating Oil: $0.5279/gallon -$0.0090   Gas: = $2.101/mmBtu +$0.027   Fwd uE(Mar. ): $3.55/mmBtu unchanged   Keep in mind t= hings are subject to change at a moment's notice. Occasionally guests have = to reschedule or change time slots. We'll continue to do our best to keep = you updated on future interviews and events. Be sure to watch our newsc= asts every business day - 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET, at the top of each hour. = =09 =09=09=09=09  =09=09=09=09=09=09 =09 =09 =09Peter Cook, EnergyNewsLive.com Washington Bureau Chief  View today's=  Energy Wrap Video Windows Media Player: 56K  |  100K  |  300K  Real Player= : 56K  |  100K  |  300K  (Requires Windows Media Player or Real Player )   = Experience all that Williams Energy News Live has to offer! If you are re= ceiving this letter for the first time and wish to continue, subscribe now =    To stop receiving this letter, unsubscribe now    If you are having trou= ble receiving this e-mail, please let us know  or  call (800) WILLIAMS (800=   <Sep> Subject :  Williams Energy News Live -- today's video newscast 
Email : I will be drawing names in about one hour for the monitor sale. If you'd like to get your name in the drawing, and haven't had a chance to send me an email, please do. Here is the price breakdown again:  Older 17' units - $10 Newer Compaq 17' units - $20 Older 21' units - $25 Newer Compaq 19' units - $35  Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Monitor Sale 
Email : Group, We are still short 50 mws in ST-WBOM on peak Friday and Saturday at $27.60. For Friday only (as of right now) I have picked up 10 mws of energy flat (24hr schedule). I bought this energy from the APX-deal #840719 at $25. We will be long 10 mws each hour in position manager in SP-15 as a result. Please sell this energy in the off-peak (on-peak will go to fill our W-BOM short). I have scheduled an HA 24 purchase from the APX 1 and have put the energy into the ST-WBOM load zone.   <Sep> Subject :  Long 10 mws flat in SP-15-- 
Email : Open Enrollment for your 2002 Health Benefits begins Monday, October 29, 2001! Q. WHAT DOES THIS MEAN? A. If you plan to make changes to your existing benefit coverage, you will need to make changes during Open Enrollment which begins  Monday, October 29, 2001 at 8:00 AM (Central) and ends on November 12, 2001 at 5:00 PM (Central)    To facilitate these changes, you received an Open Enrollment Benefit Packet at your home address. This packet contains a personalized  worksheet and the Enron Instruction Guide to help you make your selections. (If you have not received your Info Packet, please let us know ASAP! ) Q. WHAT DO I NEED TO DO? 1. If you are satisfied with your current elections and do not need to make changes, do nothing. Your current choices will automatically roll  over to 2002. 2. If you plan to make changes to your coverage, you will need to either access the Intranet website at work:  benefits.enron.com      or at home at  www.Enron.BenefitsNow.com   or call the Phone Enrollment Line at (800) 332-7979, Option 5. Q.  I HAVE MORE QUESTIONS. I NEED MORE INFORMATION. A. If you have more questions or need more information, you may attend our Open Enrollment "Brown Bag" Info Session being held on Friday,  October 26 @ 11:30 PM in the Mt Hood Conference Room. See you then! EWS Portland HR Office Julie Kearney x7404 Grace Rodriguez x8321   <Sep> Subject :  Open Enrollment for Benefits 
Email : Group,  The Enron Derivatives II will be on Wednesday and Thursday, November 14th and 15th. The class is open to those who took Derivatives I earlier this year. Please see me or send me an email if you are interested and we will make scheduling arrangements. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Derivatives II 
Email : Group,  We have developed a process for tiering our bids and should do so going forward. Please use appropriate dollar and mw values. Below is JUST an example. When tiering, the top numbers (mw values) must be monotonically increasing and the last two numbers on the bottom of your tier ($ values) must be the same.   <Sep> Subject :  Tiered Adjustment Bids 
Email : FYI -  The Southwest OASIS website (for PNM, SRP, NEVP, EPE, SMUD, SPP, and LADWP transmission reservations) has given us a new login ID and password. Don Norman is no longer our site administrator; Les Rawson has taken that title. I registered us with two user names and passwords, which are as follows:   Login: rxtime12  Password: epmipower   Login: kxsymes1  Password: realtime  Please let me know if you have any questions regarding this new procedure. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  New SWOASIS Login 
Email : This message is only relevant for those going to UBS. When exporting your EMAIL messages listed in the instructions or via the Outlook Export utility, attachments WILL NOT BE SAVED! There will be a better solution to exporting your Email messages and all your attachments emailed later today. Thank you,   <Sep> Subject :  >>>>READ! UBS EMAIL MIGRATION<<<< 
Email : I have received a note from UBS to say they have not received your employement application form. Pls completed the attached form and return to me. Please ensure the following:  1. You put city and state in the school/college section  2. You complete a 10 year history of work (if in College/not working/ etc  please state with dates). Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  Employment with UBS 
Email : If you have not already taken your drug test , please do so by Tuesday, 5th February. This process needs to be completed and results fed back to UBS prior to your start date. You cannot commence employment with UBS until they have this data which takes approximately 5 days from date of test. If for any reason you cannot take this test by tomorrow, please advise. Also, if you have completed your test please let me know so I can update the UBS records. Regards,   <Sep> Subject :  URGENT URGENT URGENT - DRUG TEST 
Email : We have two positions open for Trading Assistants with UBSW Energy. One will work for Jeff Richter and Chris Mallory on the Cash Trading desk and one will work for me and Mike Swerzbin on the Term Trading desk. In short, the Trading Assistant helps the traders run EOL markets, provides analytical support, prepares daily market summaries, reviews trade press for pertinent information, performs checkouts with brokers and counterparties, assists in pricing new deals. Please send an e-mail to Amy Fitzpatrick by noon on Tuesday expressing your interest. This position is open to both Enron and UBSW employees. Tim Belden   <Sep> Subject :  Assistant Trader Position Open 
Email : I was told to RSVP to you for the Christmas Party . My wife Ann South and  Myself Steve South Will attend. I am ENA gas trading   <Sep> Subject :  Christmas Party 
Email : Here is response to question about estimated volume after blowers are installed at Meserve. I recall advising that Citation was moving forward with the installation, but not sure exactly when. Now we know. We seem to be overproduced for the month so far and if this increase holds true, adjustments will be needed for the last days of the November and beyond.............TO INFINITY AND BEYOND!!!!!!!! (sorry, but I couldn't resist)   <Sep> Subject :  [Fwd: Meserve Production] 
Email : Theresa,   I put the EJW deal into Sitara  and the # is 1131581. Please let me know of the GD physical deal of 92 mmbtu/d. I explained to Paul that we need to have the deal #'s for the Kennedy Oil deal done last week. It needs to be in Sitara if it is already in TAGG. If it is not in Sitara, it causes and imbalance of my positions. Thanks. Let me know about the deal #'s.   <Sep> Subject :  EJW Deal 
Email : Theresa - here's the latest by month of the imbalance. Please let me know if there is any way that I can help you. Could I look at current month, while you look at the past stuff? Please let me know. Thanks, Gloria   <Sep> Subject :  Crestone Imbalance 
Email : One unit at the Douglas Station on WIC will be out of service October 30, 2001 for approximately 8 hours. Throughput for this period will be reduced to a rate of about 360 MMcf/d with a total daily throughput estimated at 450 MMCf/d. As this will directly effect all gas coming out of the Powder River, please contact your marketer directly as to how much gas they will be able to deliver into WIC on that day. Allocations will be based on WIC allocation methods.   <Sep> Subject :  Wyoming Interstate Company (WIC) Maintenance 
Email : I haven't received September Statements, was afraid that they went to the wrong e-mail address. Let me know if you have any problems. Thank you.   <Sep> Subject :  September Statements 
Email : Can you please provide support for the # that Nicole gave me to bill Citizens for CIG in Dec 2000? I billed a volume of 307,352. Thanks   <Sep> Subject :  Citizens Dec 2000 
Email : logon : afellin password: htownbaby! Theresa can you please log on to my computer when you have a second this morning. I need to remote into it to get some files. Thanks   <Sep> Subject :  password 
Email : Theresa -  Per our phone conversation, attached is the format required for the letter of credit for Select Natural Gas, LLC. Please call me with any questions. Thanks,   Jay Williams   <Sep> Subject :  Letter of Credit format 
Email : Theresa,  Sitara deal #1147646 for November 2001 production shows a price of PEPL.TXOK.IF.M.I. + 0.085. However, Vivian at PSCO believes the price should be the index + 0.05. Deal #749339 in Sitara (for production months 5/01 - 10/01), in fact, shows a price of the index + 0.05. Vivian faxed me a confirmation from her system that shows deals from 5/01 - 4/02 should be priced at the index + 0.05. Could you please look into this, and let me know what you find out. Thank you. Jeanne Fore Enron North America Physical Gas Settlements p (713)345-3801 f  (713)646-8420 jeanne.fore@enron.com   <Sep> Subject :  PSCO 
Email : Theresa/Amy: Can one of you check with Crestone to see when they will be paying the September invoice? I am assume it will be tomorrow, but in our current cash situation, we have to forecast everything. Thanks,   <Sep> Subject :  Crestone Sept 
Email : Here are the deal #'s for the deals I received late yesterday afternoon. Dominion E & P (Gas Daily) 1146323 Texaco (Gas Daily)  1146375 Dominion E & P   1146428 Western Gas Resources  1146603  I also received an England Energy confirm/deal from you. I put notes on the two GD deals like you wrote on the deal. Let me know if you have anymore deals.   <Sep> Subject :  Deal #'s 
Email : Scott & Walt:  A couple of things...I talked to Theresa today and the OBA Spreadsheet (or actually,  Enron's imbalance sheet) needs to be changed for both October and November as follows:  October:  ENA purchased 300 mmbtu/d from Westport  at the Bear Paw point beginning October 9. We need to add a column on the ENA sheet (i.e. similar to Phillips) showing that 300 mmbtu. Quantum - ENA did not purchase any gas from Quantum for October. We had some measurement of gas from Quantum throughout the month. This needs to go to imbalance between Quantum and Crestone. November:  ENA is purchasing 1,000 mmbtu/d from Quantum. If Quantum produces more than 1,000 mmbtu/d that extra goes to imbalance between Quantum and Crestone. ENA is not purchasing Westport's gas at this time. I would be happy to make these changes, but I am unsure as to how this file affects your Meter Allocation report and I don't want to mess that one up!!! I'm copying Theresa on this memo....please feel free to add to it if I missed something. Thanks.   <Sep> Subject :  OBA Imbalance Sheet 
Email : On Tuesday, November 13, 2001, the Douglas Station will be out of service for approximately 8 hours. Throughput during the work will be reduced to a rate of about 360 MMCf/d with a total daily throughput estimated at 450 MMcf/d. As this will directly effect all gas coming out of the Powder River, please contact your marketer directly as to how much gas they will be able to deliver into WIC on that day. Allocations will be based on WIC allocations methods.   <Sep> Subject :  Wyoming Interstate Gas Company (WIC) Maintenance 
Email : Please begin sending the Phillips Petroleum statements to me at the following e-mail address (jahartn@ppco.com). Jennifer Littau is no longer the accountant handling these properties. Jennifer has forwarded the November statements to me, but I would appreciate your sending them to me directly in January. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me. Thank you for your assistance.   <Sep> Subject :  November Statements 
Email : Please ask your schedulers to e-mail me which pipelines still maintain the ability to do Nominations via a dial up connection to their EBB (modem and a phone line). Please ask them to call their representatives if unsure. Thx  RP   <Sep> Subject :  Pipeline Dial Up access 
Email : Theresa,  We are trying to ensure that we have the correct imbalances on the G/L for FUGG. Can you confirm these balances or let me know what the true imbalances should be since they were not in Unify during this time? Also, what is supposed to happen to these imbalances. - did they go over to Northern Border or will they ever be settled? Thanks! 12/99  (3,128) 2/00  3,241 3/00  (29,378) 4/00  (40,044) 5/00  (120,887) 6/00  23,138 7/00  34,180 8/00  (37,316) 9/00  83,953   <Sep> Subject :  FUGG Imbalances 
Email : Theresa - CIG just finaled their invoices today, and I am working on them. I will take a look at this and get back with you. Thanks, Gloria   <Sep> Subject :  CIG 10/01 
Email : Jackie - Woodward is calling....contract #33175 has deliveries to Canon City, 60 dth per day, and I see it on your spread sheet, but it is not in path manager, and not on the contract. Can you please look into this asap. The guy at Woodward is wanting a call back from Paul Lucci today. Thanks, Gloria   <Sep> Subject :  CIG 10/01 
Email : Hi Theresa,  We're under A TON of pressure this month to get our money in the door on time and as close to invoice amount as possible. I want to make sure these people have absolutely no reason to pay us late. As soon as you have the spreadsheet done, please email it to me so I can tie it to the system. Thanks for your help!! !   <Sep> Subject :  Greeley Gas invoice 
Email : Dear Theresa,  With the holiday approaching many of you are looking forward to a few  days off and to spending time with family and friends. If you have  been holding off on making your holiday travel plans, you might be  interested in the holiday air fare deals that are still available. Wherever your travels take you this Thanksgiving - across town or  across the country - We wish you a very happy holiday! Featured This Week - Save up to $75 on Airline Tickets! - Great Holiday Fares! - Keep America Traveling! Air  - JetBlue Offers Great Fares! Cruises - Sail to Magnificent Mexico from $199! - 5-Night Caribbean Cruises from $299! - Cruise the Caribbean and $100 Cash! - Princess' Caribbean Getaways from $499! Vacations - Mexico - Savings up to 53%! - Vegas - 2 Nights from $30 per Person! - Save up to 50% on Caribbean Vacations! - Earn 25,000 Bonus Miles While You Ski! Hotels - It's the Best Time to Visit Las Vegas! - Exclusive Offer for Travelocity Members Only! Cars - Get 10% Off Rentals with Thrifty! Exclusive Offers - Win a Trip for 4 to Mexico! - Free Companion Ticket to Asia! Special Offers - Travel To Hawaii This Fall! - Still Need to Make Thanksgiving Plans?   <Sep> Subject :  Real Deals from Travelocity 
Email : There is a volume discrepancy for deal # 117853/YK6095.1 as reported in Sitara and TAGG. Please take a look at this deal. Also, is anybody working on a special contract for this deal as it is a 2-year deal attached to a GTC. Thanks for your help,   <Sep> Subject :  Kennedy Oil (Deal # 1178533) - Discrepancies 
Email : November 21, 2001  ATTENTION ALL SHIPPERS/NOMINATING AGENTS NOMINATION CUTS FOR NOVEMBER 22 - 26  Volume cuts for nominations that exceed estimated consumption for Gas Days  November 22 - 26 have been completed. Please check your contracts for any possible cuts during this period. If you have any questions, please contact your Transportation Specialist. Sincerely,   <Sep> Subject :  NOMINATION CUTS FOR NOVEMBER 22 - 26 
Email : Rewards Newsletter November 19, 2001 Issue Number 32   Dear Theresa,  Home for the holidays? Home from work? Homing in on great Rewards for  the Holidays! Thanksgiving is a wonderfully rewarding time for family and friends to be together. One great way to reward yourself this  Thanksgiving is by cheering on your favorite NFL team with your new   <Sep> Subject :  Give Thanks For Great Rewards! 
Email : Enclosed is a revised draft of the MG ISDA and CSA Schedules. The only blnak  that needs to be filled in is the MAC language for MG.  Are they rated? I  will be in the office until noon tomorrow and then out the rest of the week  at the Enron legal conference. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  MG ISDA Schedules 
Email : Suzanne: FYI. Can you and the clerks handle packing up my office? I may be able to  help but I don't want to make any commitment  that I can make it up there. Hopefully, it won't take that long and the only files that need to be marked  or perhaps put in the legal assistant area are the files near my window. If  the move-out timing slips and happens while you are on vacation, I would  prefer that it be handled before hand so that the floater doesn't have to  worry about it. Let me know what you think. Sorry to impose but I tried to  do as much as I could before I left.   <Sep> Subject :  Office Build-out 
Email : Julia: I thought that it would be easier to e-mail you since we keep missing each  other on the phone. All of the St. Clair's are doing well. Charles keeps  growing. At his last visit last week he was 11 1/2 pounds and 22 inches. Needless to say he likes to eat. He is gradually starting to sleep more at  night but is still pretty unpredictable and I've just gotten used to not  getting alot of sleep. Having Bill home with me is a big help and it makes  it alot easier for me since we can trade off. Physically, I am feeling almost 100%. I started running a few weeks ago just  to keep my sanity and have started playing tennis again although it is going  to take a long time for me to get back into playing shape. Arthur is very  much into tennis and I am enjoying getting to watch him play. He played in  his first tournament over the weekend and did very well. Bill and I are  hoping that he keeps it up. He has been great with the baby as I expected. He is a calming influence on him and really interacts well with him. I feel  very, very fortunate. How are you doing and how are the boys? I miss work and the interaction with  everyone, but at the same time I am enjoying my time at home. I think that  you know how I must feel and I'm glad that I still have some time to think  about it. I can't imagine having to go back after 6 weeks as I am just  beginning to feel good physically. Carol St. Clair  Arthur is back in school and is a big help at home. I'm enjoying being home  with him when he gets home from school and its nice to be able to visit him  while he is in school. I hope that you are doing well and not killing yourself up there. How are  your parents doing? Please give them my best. I keep promising to come up  for a visit and I will soon. Tomorrow (Thursday) may be a possibility. Hope  to see you soon. Take care. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  How Are You? 
Email : Mark, Julia and Kristina: We are planning to have Charles baptized on Sunday, September 24th and are  having a luncheon at our house afterwards from 12-2. My parents and younger  sister will be in town and I would love for you to be able to meet them as  well as see Charles of course. I will be mailing invitations shortly, but  thought that I would give you some advanced notice. Don't worry if you can't  make it as there will be plenty more opportunities to see Charles and of  course you are always welcome to come out to the house for a visit. Take  care and see you soon I hope. Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Charles' Christening 
Email : Taffy: Could you please coordinate with Nedre Starmbler in setting up an interview  with Donald Duhon? I will send you his resume. Also, is she working on one  for Debbie Vincent? Carol   <Sep> Subject :  Legal assistant Interviews 
Email : Sara:  Thanks for your note and sorry that I haven't called recently. I have  joined some day time tennis leagues at our club and between that, Charles,  Arthur etc. life has been fairly hectic. I keep trying to pick a good day  to come up to the office, but so far have not found a day that works for both  Bill and I but hopefully I'll see everyone soon. By the way, you and anyone  else in the group are always welcome to come out here!! I know that it is  far and that you all are busy but feel free to plan something if you want. How are the legal assistant's and the rest of the group? How are you doing? I must say that I am enjoying my time away from the office. Charles is doing  great. He is now 13 pounds, 6 ounces and allot 23 inches. He is growing  like a weed and eats often which keeps me busy round the clock although he  has started to sleep some more at night. We are slowly but surely getting  into a routine with him and I feel blessed to have Bill here to help. It's  hard to believe that 2 months has already gone by! Time flies when you are  having fun. Anyway, hang in there and keep me posted. Say hi to Mike for me and if he  ever wants to play some tennis, please call us.   <Sep> Subject :  How Are You? 
